{"meta": {"builtAt": "2026-09-04", "applicantCount": 75, "coffeeChatRows": 139, "infoSessionRows": 70}, "applicants": [{"id": "a0_bd9b89af", "timestamp": "7/10/2026 19:10:44", "name": "Milan Sunder", "email": "milan1sunder@gmail.com", "phone": "5122779197", "gender": "Male", "race": "Indian or Indian American", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/milansunder", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=12eKhO4DukJTCTLMLLeNlTT3HFkpIUU1Z", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "n/a incoming freshman", "whyRem": "I want an opportunity to learn more about the finance industry as I begin my experience in college. I am an incoming freshman and am incredibly passionate about real estate and finance. I believe Rem on Campus will give me the chance to use my technical skills and gain real-world experience through short-term projects.", "coreValue": "Resilience", "valueEssay": "Resilience is a trait that I value incredibly high. I believe that to be successful at anything you do in life, whether it is a short-term goal or a long-term vision, the most important thing is to keep going. No matter how many times you fail or if you lack the desire to do something, consistency and resilience are the key. Resilience connects to my personal journey, as this past year I tore my ACL and am currently on a 12-month recovery journey. Whether it was the grueling pain from the first week or the countless nights I struggled to sleep, I kept going and will continue to keep going and come back better than ever. This journey has taught me values in life that will crossover to my professional journey as well, and I cannot wait to use them.", "careerInterests": "Investment Banking / Finance, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Entrepreneurship / Startups, Commercial real estate", "howRemHelps": "I believe joining Rem on Campus will provide me with the first real-world experience that will set me up for later challenges in my career goals in the finance/real estate realm. As an incoming freshman, I have taken many courses to learn more about finance and real estate. However, I have not yet been able to apply in a high-performance team with actual clients. Rem on Campus will help me achieve this, preparing me for a future career in similar, scaled environments.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist, Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Statistics and modelling, Web design, Data analysis, Marketing and analytics, Finance and accounting", "accommodations": "n/a", "other": "n/a", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": {"timestamp": "2026-09-02T00:21:39.511000", "session": "09/01", "appliedBefore": "No"}, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a1_5f74c4d6", "timestamp": "7/12/2026 17:42:58", "name": "Jose Lazzaro", "email": "joselazzaro@ufl.edu", "phone": "7866723091", "gender": "Male", "race": "Hispanic or Latino", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/jose-lazzaro-b4471b340", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1l6rHoESbzncIGBkZvFXs61bho_UnO08U", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "4", "whyRem": "I want to join Rem on Campus because I believe business has the power to create meaningful change in communities. Throughout my journey, I have always looked for ways to combine my passion for leadership, problem-solving, and helping others. From founding Un Solo Bal\u00f3n at 17 to supporting accounting operations and working on community-focused campaign initiatives, I have been fortunate to experience how strong organizations are built through strategy, teamwork, and a commitment to serving others.\n\nWhat excites me about Rem is the opportunity to continue growing while learning the consulting process in a structured environment. I have gained experience creating solutions and leading initiatives, but I want to develop the skills to analyze complex challenges, think more strategically, and provide valuable recommendations to organizations. I am excited to learn from other driven students, contribute my experiences, and continue becoming a stronger leader who can create a positive impact.", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "Community stands out to me the most because I believe the greatest impact is created when people come together with a shared purpose. Throughout my journey, I have always looked for ways to use my skills and opportunities to support others and create something meaningful.\n\nThis value connects deeply with my experience founding Un Solo Bal\u00f3n, where I built an organization around using soccer to bring opportunities, resources, and hope to underserved youth athletes in La Guaira, Venezuela. Through this experience, I learned that leadership is not only about achieving goals, but about building relationships, understanding people, and creating an environment where others can grow.\n\nMy experiences in community outreach, campaign operations, and nonprofit leadership have shown me the importance of collaboration and service. I believe strong communities create stronger organizations, and I want to continue developing as a leader who uses business to make a positive impact in the world.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Entrepreneurship / Startups, Non-Profit / Social Impact", "howRemHelps": "Joining Rem on Campus will help me achieve my career goals by strengthening the skills needed to succeed in finance, investment banking, and consulting. Through my experiences in accounting, nonprofit leadership, and campaign operations, I have developed a strong foundation in financial analysis, problem-solving, and managing complex projects. However, I want to continue developing my ability to analyze business challenges, create strategic recommendations, and communicate effectively with clients and teams.\n\nRem\u2019s Learning, Applying, and Leading model aligns with my goals because it provides the opportunity to gain real-world consulting experience, collaborate with motivated students, and learn how businesses make strategic decisions. I hope to bring my background in finance, entrepreneurship, and community leadership while developing the technical and interpersonal skills necessary for a successful career in finance.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist, Consulting Strategist, Team Lead", "skills": "Business Strategy, Statistics and modelling, Web design, Data analysis, Marketing and analytics, Social media management, Finance and accounting, Communications and copy-writing, Design Thinking, Microsoft Office Suite, Brand Development", "accommodations": "No accommodations needed. Thank you!", "other": "As I begin my journey at the University of Florida, I am eager to continue learning, growing, and joining organizations where I can make a meaningful impact. Throughout high school, I founded Un Solo Bal\u00f3n and was eager to add value to my community while expanding opportunities for those who needed them the most.\n\nThat experience strengthened my passion for using business, leadership, and collaboration to create a positive change. As I continue my education at UF, I hope to bring the same dedication and commitment to organizations across Gainesville by contributing my experiences, learning from others, and helping create solutions that make a lasting impact in others.", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a2_c76e5467", "timestamp": "7/15/2026 13:49:04", "name": "Kate Fausz", "email": "kate.fausz@ufl.edu", "phone": "859-468-1436", "gender": "Female", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/kate-fausz/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=10hBRLDsFMArShDslqE2WP_5iQVT5eE3-", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Foreign Language Studies (e.g. Spanish, German, Mandarin), Political Science / Public Policy", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.87", "whyRem": "My valiant, resilient, and kind father is a small-business owner of a construction company. Since starting his career, all that he has dreamed of is owning his own company and being able to construct homes and retail spaces for his clients independently, using his own creative flair and enhancing stale business models and construction practices. It has been so inspiring and fulfilling to watch him live out his dream and have success. \n\tHowever, in 2025, his business took a turn when two of his clients did not pay him for his work, resulting in him losing over $500,000. Watching my father as he attempts to handle the arbitration cases, keep his business afloat, and his current clients happy, and do all the pesky tasks involved in being a one-man show has been crushing. \nAdditionally, because his degree is only in construction management, which did not include extensive education on owning your own business, he has struggled with marketing, accounting, managing his inbox and meetings, and adapting to technology changes from the beginning. \nThis summer, I have worked with him extensively, helping to manage his social media pages, crafting a new business plan to accommodate his new focus on new-build homes, and creating AI models to offload work that typically would take him 20 hours a week to complete. Through these changes, his faith in himself and the future of his company has grown, and being an instrumental part of this and helping to maintain his years-long dream has been one of the most fulfilling things I have ever done. \nI believe that there is something incredibly special about people like those at Rem, who are dedicated to helping small-business owners like my father accomplish their dreams. I hope to join the legacy of the teams at Rem who listen attentively and have genuine care for the stories and struggles of visionary small-business owners, who selflessly give their own time to drive innovation, who are committed to always learning new things to better their own craft and to help clients, and who support one another in Rem-related activities and in their colleagues' personal and professional development. \n", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "Although the recipient of my accomplishments may only be me, each one reflects the many communities that have invested in me, given me the ability to follow my dreams, and supported my success. \n\tThe various communities I belong to, from the small communities of immediate family and soccer teams to larger communities like my hometown and home state of Kentucky, have shaped me into the person I am today. Using the principles of a strong community, I have consistently sought ways to engage in and enhance various communities that have impacted me. \nIn high school, I heard of a Kindergartener at my elementary school who spoke little English and could not maintain the pace of lessons. Understanding the role of education and my elementary school on me, I seized the opportunity to empower and educate her. After consistent tutoring, she is now exceeding Kentucky education standards, and I have also begun tutoring her brother and parents, helping them adjust to cultural changes, understand the back of medicine labels, and connecting them to free community resources. \nAfter noticing a gap in programs for local youth, I partnered with a Northern Kentucky nonprofit, the Brighton Center, to develop small programs and initiatives to promote prosocial behaviors and end the cycles of drug abuse in my own community. \nIn my scholarship cohort, through my own experience and listening to the stories of my colleagues, I noticed that there was little activity to foster true community among scholars and the greater UF community. So, with the collaboration of my fellow scholars, we are working to instate a big-little program, hosting more community service events, creating panels of distinguished guest speakers, and forging early and meaningful connections with incoming scholars so that our scholar community can be defined by pillars of friendship, service, and learning.\nThrough these experiences of developing and enhancing my communities, I have learned the value and importance of investing in all members of a community, not just the smartest or most wealthy ones. I hope to continue this commitment of fulfilling unmet needs, seeing the purpose and value in everyone, and recognizing the importance of those around me  for the rest of my life, but on even larger scales.  \n", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Non-Profit / Social Impact, Public Policy / Government, Law", "howRemHelps": "I believe that Rem on Campus will help me achieve my ultimate career goal of becoming an attorney because of Rem's overlap with the role of attorneys. \nAttorneys, like consultants, must be creative problem solvers, excellent collaborators, principled advisors, and effective communicators. At Rem, I am confident that I will build all of these skills to be both a successful attorney and consultant. Learning how to develop practical and personalized solutions for clients, craft effective proposals and presentations, and collaborate in teams with individuals of various strengths and specialties are not just skills I will develop through my time at Rem, but the exact skills that will help me become a successful, empathetic, and trustworthy attorney and standout in law school admissions essays. \nFurthermore, as stated previously, individuals who are dedicated to helping others achieve their dreams, sometimes at the expense of themselves, are remarkable and exactly the kind of people I want to surround myself with. I am confident that my fellow members at Rem will become my lifelong friends and constant sources of strength and inspiration that will transcend my years at UF and support my professional growth as an attorney as well. \n", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Web design, Marketing and analytics, Social media management, Communications and copy-writing, Design Thinking, Microsoft Office Suite, Brand Development", "accommodations": "NA", "other": "I truly love learning, and I am willing and eager to learn as many skills as I can and to continue mastering skills I already have to support UF's Rem division!", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a3_7cc742a7", "timestamp": "7/20/2026 11:48:13", "name": "Rachel Huang", "email": "huangr1705@gmail.com", "phone": "9419990466", "gender": "Female", "race": "Asian or Asian American", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/huang-rachel/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1bsEEGnzx8xtmMXxc4UCQiZ4AqlSZZHGR", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2027", "classYear": "Senior", "major": "Accounting", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.64", "whyRem": "I want to join Rem on Campus at UF because I would like to learn and apply real world problem solving skills to help the community. I am someone who is eager to develop stronger analytical, strategic, and problem solving frameworks. I have done consulting projects during my freshman year; however, I never got the opportunity to continue. I would like to create an impact for the organization as well as myself. Overall, the positive framework of Rem on Campus (Learning, applying, and leading) makes me seek out the club. ", "coreValue": "Innovation", "valueEssay": "Innovation stands out to me most because it shifts questions that are asked to \"how can we solve this issue.\" To me, innovation is what drives me into being more creative. In any projects I have done, sticking strictly to the minimum can lead to poor development. I value innovation because it encourages critical thinking and further development. I have personally gone through a lot of different interest such as venture capital, fintech, and healthcare. I have seen how innovation has impacted all of the organizations equally, whether it is the development of a new tool or AI.", "careerInterests": "Investment Banking / Finance, Tech, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Product Management", "howRemHelps": "I believe that joining Rem on Campus could help me develop my professional speaking skills as well as give me the opportunity to work with individuals like mind. I will gain experience analyzing actual business operations, identifying inefficiencies, and solving client issues which ties towards finance, tech, and data. By working along side peers with different skillsets, I would be given the opportunity to expand my own skills as well as refining my ability to identify complex analytical problems. ", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Marketing and analytics, Finance and accounting", "accommodations": "N/A", "other": "N/A", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a4_9eb92a15", "timestamp": "8/12/2026 18:38:57", "name": "Aviv Brav", "email": "aviv.brav@ufl.edu", "phone": "2017140994", "gender": "Male", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/aviv-brav", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Ex7RmEOvogw2Nzh6SWO1wVz1baE0r85o", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.9", "whyRem": "I want to join REM on Campus because I am drawn to the hands-on, consulting-style problem solving it offers to real local businesses. This summer, my internship at Glacier Global Capital included working on smaller startup companies through incubation, and my work with SmartStamp, an art verification company face me a taste of that exact kind of work I want to build on. What draws me to Rem is the 'Learning, Applying, Leading\" progression, I work best when I am handed a real client problem, and held accountable for the outcome. Ultimately my goal isn't simply to sit in on strategy but to lead others through the same process I want to begin. I am also very motivated by the community aspect of REM, my time this summer showed me how a smaller, resource-strapped team can benefit from the resilience of all parties involved, and I know that the same effort and results that I accomplished over this summer can benefit a Gainesville business rather than just my own resume. Mostly, I believe REM is a club that fits my goals due to the real stakes, as I have come to learn that I work best under pressure with real stakes, and REM's actual impact provides that motivation that I believe will push me to thrive.", "coreValue": "Resilience", "valueEssay": "Resilience stands out to me because it is the value that I have relied on most when I run into obstacles, no matter the stakes or circumstances, I've learned to treat each misstep as information. Every \"mistake\" results in a process of figuring out what didn't work, adjusting the plan and trying again. This is the same mindset I have employed professionally working at Glacier and SmartStamp, as well as at Founders Fund here at UF. This persistence is exactly why I want to continue testing myself in high-stakes, real-life environments like REM, where willingness to fail, adapt and try again alongside like minded peers is the ultimate goal.", "careerInterests": "Investment Banking / Finance, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Entrepreneurship / Startups", "howRemHelps": "Currently, I plan on pursuing a field in either Investment Banking or Commercial Real Estate. Both these fields reward people who can tackle an ambiguous problem, build a rigorous stance, and present your solution or proposal convincingly to those around you. By working directly with local businesses to diagnose real challenges and pitch data-backed recommendations mirrors the same work I have already done in financial modeling and market analysis. By joining REM, I would be combining the client-facing aspect of work alongside the technical problem solving skills that both IB and CRE demand. By learning how to transform a recommendation into action with real impacts, I will be working on the skills that separate a strong analysts from an average one in the fields I want to pursue. The data is only relevant when you can defend them under pressure. REM would give me the environment to learn from older peers while getting real-stakes reps at problem-solving skills that I will need in the future professionally. Most importantly, I will also be able to have real, positive impact on local Gainesville businesses which ground the entire expense in something bigger than my own personal goals.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist, Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Statistics and modelling, Data analysis, Marketing and analytics, Finance and accounting, Microsoft Office Suite, Brand Development", "accommodations": "N/A", "other": "N/A", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a5_0f4f5440", "timestamp": "8/17/2026 16:03:36", "name": "Janak Vora ", "email": "janakvora2008@gmail.com", "phone": "8136799397", "gender": "Male", "race": "Indian or Indian American", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/janak-vora-19416a317?utm_source=share_via&utm_content=profile&utm_medium=member_android", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1HtPoc6AByWdkHra3cJIKywBXIXzLvYa2", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "N/A (first year)", "whyRem": "I want to join Rem on Campus because I am interested in pursuing investment banking and want to gain practical experience analyzing businesses and solving complex problems in a team environment. Investment banking requires more than just financial knowledge; it requires strong analytical thinking, communication, attention to detail, and the ability to understand a business from multiple perspectives. Rem would give me an opportunity to develop these skills through hands-on consulting work while learning from other motivated students.", "coreValue": "Intellectual Growth", "valueEssay": "Intellectual Growth stands out to me because I am motivated by constantly learning how businesses operate, create value, and make strategic decisions. My interest in investment banking has pushed me to look beyond simply understanding financial statements and to think about why companies make certain decisions and how those decisions affect their future growth. Through my academic, technical, and entrepreneurial experiences, I have learned that I enjoy breaking down complex problems and finding practical solutions. I see Rem as an opportunity to continue developing that mindset by working with teammates, learning from different perspectives, and tackling real-world business challenges.", "careerInterests": "Investment Banking / Finance", "howRemHelps": "My long-term goal is to pursue a career in investment banking, and I believe Rem would help me develop several skills that are essential to succeeding in that field. Through client projects, I would gain experience analyzing companies, understanding business models, evaluating strategic decisions, and presenting recommendations. I would also strengthen my ability to work under deadlines, collaborate effectively, and communicate complex information clearly. These experiences would complement my growing interest in financial analysis and valuation while giving me a stronger understanding of how businesses operate beyond what can be learned in a classroom.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Graphic design (Adobe Creative Cloud, Sketch, ProCreate, etc), Business Strategy, Marketing and analytics, Finance and accounting, Ads (Facebook/Instagram)", "accommodations": "", "other": "I am particularly interested in developing the analytical and interpersonal skills necessary for a career in investment banking. My background has given me exposure to finance, technology, entrepreneurship, and leadership, and I enjoy finding connections between these areas when approaching problems. I would be excited to bring that perspective to Rem, contribute meaningfully to client projects, and learn from teammates who have different experiences and strengths.", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a6_33720d5d", "timestamp": "8/20/2026 1:02:28", "name": "Julen Goris", "email": "julen.goris@ufl.edu", "phone": "3053546184", "gender": "Male", "race": "Hispanic or Latino", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/julen-goris-2b154b315/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=126rEgjhkbyt-hHf535Ibh7KssDK2tdb1", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Engineering (various disciplines)", "minor": "Other", "gpa": "N/A", "whyRem": "I want to join REM because I want a place and community to combine my interest in systems optimization with my drive to build and lead projects. As an Industrial Engineering major at UF, I\u2019m drawn to fixing inefficiencies and making processes work better through means I\u2019ve done before through analyzing video data and modeling logistics systems for national brands at Profitability Labor Guru or managing operations and budgets for my own summer camp. l want to develop myself as a problem solver regarding business projects, as I did across my internship, with a community of people helping me improve myself and themselves as well. I want to exercise my proactive, problem-solving mindset to REM, alongside people who are just as driven as I contribute to the club from day one.", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "Community is most important to me because individual success is meaningless without a strong network to build with and learn from. From co-founding my summer camp to collaborating with engineers during my internships, my journey has been defined by bringing people together around common goals. I am not build myself and develop skills in consulting without a community I can get along with and work alongside efficiently. As an Industrial Engineering major, I approach problem-solving with a team-first mindset. REM\u2019s community-driven projects align directly with my goal to work on my skills alongside driven students where we can make a meaningful impact together.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Entrepreneurship / Startups", "howRemHelps": "REM on Campus directly aligns with my focus on consulting and entrepreneurship by giving me hands-on problem-solving in real business environments around the community I live in. My background as an Industrial Engineering student and intern has centered on using data analysis and Excel modeling to optimize operational efficiency. At the same time, founding businesses like J+G Summer Camp introduced me into practical strategy, budgeting, and client management. REM will help me synthesize these experiences allowing me to apply advanced analytics to client challenges and learn consulting methodologies. Developing these professional skills in real projects will accelerate my goal and set the foundation of one day starting my own company by teaching me the principles of consulting projects and the steps taken to solve or reach a goal. ", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Mobile development, Marketing and analytics, E-commerce", "accommodations": "No accommodations needed.", "other": "Time management is of my greatest skills. Every week I will be devoted and able to get as many hours of involvement as needed in projects or events that are being held. Being integrated into the club to the fullest through availability will be one great trait I have and would be glad to be putting forth extra hours if needed. ", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a7_6d751b73", "timestamp": "8/22/2026 17:56:45", "name": "Daniel Gumbiner", "email": "danielgumbiner@ufl.edu", "phone": "3053329558", "gender": "Male", "race": "Hispanic or Latino", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/danielgumbiner/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1s1YcfjaTjdvpkZ048aIkmn2sHS36Y38Y", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Finance", "minor": "Other Social Science (e.g., Psychology, Sociology, Anthropology)", "gpa": "3.77", "whyRem": "I want to be a member of REM on Campus because it would give me the opportunity to work directly with small businesses and help them solve real challenges. I am especially interested in the combination of strategy, analytics, and client-facing work because it would allow me to apply what I have learned academically and professionally in a setting where the results can have a tangible impact.\n\nI also value the opportunity to work alongside other motivated students with different perspectives and experiences. I want to become better at breaking down ambiguous problems, developing practical recommendations, and communicating those recommendations clearly to clients. At the same time, I would bring experience in market research, data analysis, performance reporting, and working collaboratively toward a shared goal. What stands out most to me about REM is that the experience goes beyond professional development. It also creates an opportunity to build meaningful relationships with both the businesses we serve and the students I would work alongside.", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "Community stands out to me because I believe people grow the most when they are surrounded by others who are genuinely invested in their development and success. Throughout my academic and professional experiences, I have found that I learn and perform best when I am challenged by others, exposed to perspectives different from my own, and working toward a shared goal.\n\nI also believe that the strongest working relationships go beyond simply completing a project together. They are built through trust, cooperation, and a genuine desire to see other people succeed. That is why REM\u2019s emphasis on community resonates with me. I want to grow professionally, but I also want to build meaningful relationships with the students I work alongside and the small businesses we support.\n\nBeing part of an environment where I can learn from others, contribute my own perspective, and see the collective impact of our work is exactly what I am looking for. I see REM as a place where professional development and personal relationships reinforce one another.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Entrepreneurship / Startups", "howRemHelps": "Joining REM on Campus would help me pursue my interests in consulting and entrepreneurship by giving me hands-on experience solving real business problems for small businesses. In consulting, I am interested in learning how to break down ambiguous challenges, analyze information, develop practical recommendations, and communicate those ideas clearly to clients. REM would allow me to practice those skills in a real-world setting rather than only learning them conceptually.\n\nAt the same time, working directly with small businesses would give me valuable exposure to entrepreneurship. I would gain a better understanding of how businesses make decisions around growth, operations, customers, and strategy, as well as the challenges founders face when building and scaling a company. I believe this combination of client-facing problem solving and exposure to growing businesses would help me become a stronger analytical thinker while giving me a clearer understanding of both consulting and the startup environment.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist, Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Data analysis, Finance and accounting, Python", "accommodations": "", "other": "I am entering this process with a genuine willingness to learn. While I am interested in careers involving consulting and entrepreneurship, I am still exploring where my strengths and interests will ultimately take me. That is one of the reasons REM is particularly appealing to me. It would allow me to gain real client experience, learn from other students, and better understand how analytical thinking translates into meaningful business outcomes.\n\nI would also bring a strong sense of curiosity and ownership to the organization. If I do not understand something, I am willing to ask questions, research it, and put in the work necessary to improve. I would approach REM not simply as another organization to add to my resume, but as an opportunity to contribute to real businesses, learn from the people around me, and become a stronger teammate and problem solver.", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a8_57e3cb9d", "timestamp": "8/24/2026 19:30:47", "name": "Alejandro Diaz", "email": "AlejandroDZ2025@gmail.com", "phone": "321-305-1595", "gender": "Male", "race": "Hispanic or Latino", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/alejandrodiazzz", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=16YBUfP1MeRl0XKySO9GjrIuvLiiyB9QA", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Computer Science / Information Systems, Finance", "minor": "Data Science, Other", "gpa": "3.5", "whyRem": "Rem on Campus's core mission to empower local communities is what drives me to becoming a member of this organization. Running my own digital business taught me firsthand the sheer grit it takes to keep going, and I want to bridge my passion for supporting local owners with my love for data-driven problem solving. I'm eager to bring my strong analytical foundation to the Junior Consulting Strategist role to help Gainesville businesses uncover actionable insights and confidently navigate their hurdles. Rem's \"Learning, Applying, Leading\" framework is exactly what I need to transition from building analytical models to delivering client-facing strategies alongside innovative peers.", "coreValue": "Resilience", "valueEssay": "As a first-generation student, resilence allowed me to map my own academic path without a blueprint. This same grit drove my pivot into data analytics within the business world. Embracing that steep learning curve pushed me to engineer complex models for personal projects and research teams. In consulting, setbacks are inevitable. Resilence is what transforms roadblocks into strategic pivots. As a Junior Consulting Strategist, I plan to leverage this perserverance to help Gainesville entrepreneurs navigate their own challenges and build lasting success.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance, Tech, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence", "howRemHelps": "My goals in consulting, finance, tech, and data analytics center on translating complex information into actionable business strategies. While I possess the technical skills to build predictive models, I need client-facing experience to evolve into a well-rounded advisor. Joining Rem provides the perfect environment to apply my quantitative skills to business problems, and collaborating with local owners will teach me how to effectively communicate impactful insights. This experience in empathy, communication, and strategy execution will build the exact capabilities needed to be successful within different initiatives across my target industries.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Statistics and modelling, Data analysis, Marketing and analytics, Finance and accounting, Communications and copy-writing, Python, Microsoft Office Suite", "accommodations": "N/A", "other": "N/A", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [{"timestamp": "2026-09-01T17:42:59.252000", "spokeTo": "I spoke with Adam, Grace, Maria, Christian, Sachin, Kyle, and Eli"}, {"timestamp": "2026-09-02T18:12:18.505000", "spokeTo": "I spoke with Isiah, Eli, Alexandria, Kyle, and Reese"}, {"timestamp": "2026-09-03T19:08:32.251000", "spokeTo": "I spoke with Max, Ali, Terrance, and Eli"}], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a9_32f29848", "timestamp": "8/25/2026 16:12:56", "name": "Rafael Penhas", "email": "rafael.penhas@ufl.edu", "phone": "+1(352)246-0694", "gender": "Male", "race": "Hispanic or Latino", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/rafael-penhas-2b9ab5378/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=12IaF19edRnt6VgdpsFEyeA2-fBYu47vy", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Engineering (various disciplines)", "minor": "Mathematics", "gpa": "3.85", "whyRem": "I want to cause real impact on local companies. As an engineer, I wish to apply my in-class skills to cause life changing impact on people's lives. In my opinion, team collaboration implies more motivation and dedication on solving problems and to think different ways to increase efficiency.", "coreValue": "Resilience", "valueEssay": "For me, resilience isn't just about toughing out bad days, but what actually pulls you out of dark spots and pushes you to do things you never thought you could. Along my journey, hitting roadblocks and figuring things out on the fly taught me that real growth happens the second you decide not to let setbacks hold you back. When things get chaotic or overwhelming, that grit keeps you locked in on what matters and pushes you past your own limits. At the end of the day, resilience is the backbone of everything: if you have that drive and keep your heart in the right place, living out every other Rem on Campus value just falls naturally into place.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance, Tech, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Entrepreneurship / Startups, Product Management, Non-Profit / Social Impact", "howRemHelps": "Joining Rem on Campus is huge for me because it\u2019s where tech, finance, consulting, and building things actually meet real-world impact. As a past entrepreneur, I am familiar with the difficulties a business can experience, and how external help will motivate the owner to think out of the box. Also, it pushes me to think critically about messy problems, build products that genuinely matter, and back up decisions with real data.\n\nMore than just the hard skills, being part of Rem on Campus invites me to step out of my bubble, experience other people\u2019s realities, and understand problems from perspectives totally different from my own. Working alongside a driven team on high-impact challenges is the best way to sharpen how I lead, stay adaptable, and create solutions that actually causes impact.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist, Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Back-end web development, Web design, Data analysis, Social media management, Finance and accounting, Python, Microsoft Office Suite", "accommodations": "No", "other": "I am excited to stop adding value just to myself and to start help other people reach their objectives.", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a10_597717e2", "timestamp": "8/26/2026 11:59:22", "name": "Dhruv Mutha", "email": "muthadhruv@ufl.edu", "phone": "9548038278", "gender": "Male", "race": "Asian or Asian American", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/dhruvmutha", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Gyy8axYkiBtXqUmXXSn1cL0NlmabPa_y", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Engineering (various disciplines), Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "4", "whyRem": "I want to be a member of REM to be a part of a community that is committed to using their knowledge to help others. By joining, I'll not only develop my own skills in problem solving, business analytics, and entrepreneurship which align with my future goals to become an entrepreneur, but I'll also be able to make an impact in my community and apply what I learn. Furthermore, I want to be surrounded by likeminded people who care about others and who are driven to push me to reach higher than I ever thought I could alone.", "coreValue": "Empathy", "valueEssay": "Empathy is something I've carried with me throughout my life and has shown up everywhere, even some places where I didn't want it to. I've always tried to view the perspective of those sitting in front of me before making a decision.\n\nMy future aspirations involve working in M&A and the private equity industry, and by almost everyone I've been told that it's a cutthroat industry with little room for caring. However, from the teachings of my late-grandfather and even my personal life experiences, I've always been someone who's believed in there being a win-win strategy in any situation. I firmly believe that the strongest deals aren't at the expense of someone else, and I hope to transform the way people see M&A. Through REM I'll be able to keep this mindset with me by helping local businesses while bolstering my skills to be successful in the real world, a true win-win.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance, Entrepreneurship / Startups", "howRemHelps": "When working in entrepreneurship and buying and selling companies in M&A transactions, the way one creates value in the company before they sell it off is to improve the business' sales and operations or find ways for others to see more value in it than they did before. In REM, strategists are tasked with solving such problems for small businesses, learning how to find inefficiencies and improve them from the bottom up. Furthermore, by doing this in a team setting, it emulates almost exactly how the process will go in real life, and offer an opportunity to build on my communication and negotiating skills which are essential in the industry. REM would be the perfect club for me to build the hard and soft skills for the M&A industry.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Data analysis, Marketing and analytics, Finance and accounting, Ads (Facebook/Instagram), E-commerce, Brand Development", "accommodations": "", "other": "", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [{"timestamp": "2026-09-01T17:12:41.490000", "spokeTo": "Christian, Rachel, Adam, Maria, Sat, Hannah, Sachin, Eli"}], "infoSession": {"timestamp": "2026-09-02T00:21:22.833000", "session": "09/01", "appliedBefore": "No"}, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a11_d5e778be", "timestamp": "8/26/2026 13:36:55", "name": "Tilak Kumar", "email": "tilakk911@gmail.com", "phone": "8135467750", "gender": "Male", "race": "Indian or Indian American", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/tilakratnkumar/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1IUibfbqBLe4k_3feqMKd7B9Ft9RMogPY", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Computer Science / Information Systems, Management", "minor": "", "gpa": "4", "whyRem": "I want to join Rem on Campus because I am passionate about using structured problem-solving to help small businesses and local organizations overcome real operational challenges. In my previous consulting and analyst roles at Stellar Media Group and Advaisori, I saw how much measurable value comes from cleaning up messy processes and turning raw numbers into clear, practical strategies. However, many local businesses do not have access to expensive advisory firms or dedicated technical teams to fix their daily bottlenecks. Rem on Campus provides the exact platform I am looking for to work directly with driven students who care about creating genuine social impact while building practical consulting skills together. ", "coreValue": "Resilience", "valueEssay": "Resilience stands out to me the most because meaningful progress rarely happens without facing roadblocks, unexpected errors, and moments where you have to rethink your approach entirely. During my project management internship at Tampa Electric, I took on the challenge of building an AI automation bot to fix a six-month compliance backlog. Early in the process, I hit major technical barriers and initially believed the bot could not be hosted internally on our SharePoint systems. When my team challenged my conclusion and asked me to keep trying, I did not let frustration take over or walk away from the problem. Instead, I put my pride aside, accepted that my initial setup had mistakes, and spent hours digging back into the architecture to find the root issue. By staying resilient and testing new solutions, I successfully launched the bot internally, ultimately cutting audit prep time by 83%. This journey showed me that resilience is not only about getting through the tough moments; it's also about staying composed when things break, taking ownership of errors, and working towards a solution that will help the entire team succeed. ", "careerInterests": "Consulting", "howRemHelps": "Joining Rem on Campus will help me achieve my goal of building a career in management consulting by giving me direct, hands-on experience guiding real-world clients through complex decisions. While I have built strong technical skills in data modelling, SQL, and Power BI across corporate environments, consulting is fundamentally about understanding people, listening to client needs, and communicating recommendations simply. Working on Rem on Campus project teams will allow me to sharpen how I structure complex problems, conduct root-cause analyses, and pitch actionable solutions directly to business leaders. Additionally, collaborating with peers and receiving direct feedback on client deliverables will teach me how to manage client expectations and adapt strategies under tight deadlines. Ultimately, Rem on Campus will provide the practical advisory experience and teamwork foundation to become a better consultant. ", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Statistics and modelling, Marketing and analytics, Photography, Finance and accounting, Python", "accommodations": "", "other": "", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a12_e9b60abb", "timestamp": "8/27/2026 15:41:58", "name": "Hit Baldha", "email": "hit.baldha@ufl.edu", "phone": "3522191928", "gender": "Male", "race": "Asian or Asian American", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/hit-baldha", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1jzYO1X_R7ozkxbWOfYr4v9NYBC3VDbom", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.85", "whyRem": "I want to join Rem on Campus because I am interested in consulting and want experience working through real business problems with other motivated students. In the long run, I hope to become an entrepreneur, and I think learning how different businesses operate, what problems they face, and how they make decisions will be valuable for that goal. I have also realized through my past experiences that I enjoy work that requires me to look closely at information and understand why something is happening. As Treasurer for Infinity Council, I managed a $3,000+ budget and had to think carefully about how money was being used, while my equity analyst internship required me to research companies and form conclusions based on both financial and business information. Rem would give me the chance to apply that same mindset to a wider range of business challenges while learning from people who have different experiences and ways of thinking.", "coreValue": "Intellectual Growth", "valueEssay": "Intellectual Growth is the core value that is most important to me because I believe growth starts with understanding yourself and being willing to keep learning. To me, intellectual growth is not just about gaining more knowledge; it is also about recognizing what you are good at, where you need to improve, and being open to changing your perspective when you learn something new. I also think it connects closely with Rem\u2019s other values. The more you learn about people and different perspectives, the easier it becomes to have empathy and contribute to a community. Learning from mistakes helps build resilience, while being curious and willing to challenge your own thinking can lead to more creative ideas and innovation. I want to be in an environment where I am constantly learning from the work I do and from the people around me, and I think Rem would give me that opportunity.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance, Entrepreneurship / Startups", "howRemHelps": "Joining Rem on Campus would help me move toward both my short-term goal of exploring consulting and my longer-term goal of becoming an entrepreneur. Before I eventually try to build something of my own, I want to understand how successful businesses work and become better at identifying and solving the problems they face. Consulting would give me exposure to different companies and situations rather than only seeing how one business operates. I also want to strengthen skills that I have started developing through my previous experiences, especially analyzing information, paying attention to details, communicating my ideas clearly, and working with others. During my equity analyst internship, for example, I researched companies and turned my findings into investment recommendations, which showed me how much I enjoy understanding a business and making a decision based on what I find. I see Rem as a place where I can continue building those skills through actual experience while also learning what kind of problems and industries interest me most.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Statistics and modelling, Data analysis, Finance and accounting", "accommodations": "", "other": "", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a13_876e7401", "timestamp": "8/27/2026 20:30:35", "name": "Sofia Barnabei Lopez", "email": "sbarnabeilopez@ufl.edu", "phone": "4076136897", "gender": "Female", "race": "Hispanic or Latino", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/sofiabarnabeilopez", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1XXmJxG9JmfQhC_-6EXtVRJCEYk7Gq-3-", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.9", "whyRem": "I want to be a member of Rem on Campus because I am always striving to learn more about the different areas of finance and continuing to develop professionally. Having spent the last year strengthening my behavioral skills and networking abilities, I am determined to cultivate the technical skills that will set me up for success in my professional career. As a finance student, I truly believe the most impactful way to learn and gain a deeper understanding of the many industries within finance is by exploring opportunities outside of the classroom. I am also interested in continuing to connect with fellow students and to gaining insights directly from professionals. Overall, I believe Rem on Campus would provide a valuable learning opportunity to build on my foundational knowledge, while creating meaningful connections and growing as a young professional. ", "coreValue": "Intellectual Growth", "valueEssay": "Intellectual growth stands out to me among the core values because I believe there is always more to learn, especially as a young professional. Throughout my academic experience, I have consistently sought out different opportunities to expand my current understanding of finance. As I continue to learn technical, behavioral, and social skills within the professional realm, I recognize that true growth and dedication requires challenging myself with new experiences. This core value connects directly to my own journey, as I am specifically looking to build my knowledge of technical and on-the-job skills. Pursuing intellectual growth will push me to succeed not only in my career, but also in aspects outside of my career, allowing me to always remain open minded. ", "careerInterests": "Brand Strategy, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Product Management", "howRemHelps": "Joining Rem on Campus will allow me to explore and learn about different areas of industry within finance while building skills that are directly relevant to my goal of pursuing a career in corporate finance. I am fascinated with learning how different functions of a business work together to drive a companies' financial performance and overall success. To succeed in this field, I believe it is important to truly understand business strategy and how to analyze data to make informed decisions that support a company\u2019s goals. Through Rem on Campus, I will gain firsthand exposure to these areas, while strengthening my technical and analytical skills. Learning from professionals, older students, and even fellow classmates will provide me with a diverse and impactful opportunity to expand my knowledge. Overall, I believe Rem on Campus will help me in my process of becoming a business professional.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Data analysis, Social media management, Communications and copy-writing, Python", "accommodations": "", "other": "", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [{"timestamp": "2026-09-01T16:47:01.060000", "spokeTo": "Sachin, Maria, Eli, Christian, Terrence, Cristi, Hannah"}], "infoSession": {"timestamp": "2026-09-02T00:21:21.549000", "session": "09/01", "appliedBefore": "No"}, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a14_f507b296", "timestamp": "8/28/2026 11:48:38", "name": "Milan Verma", "email": "milanverma@ufl.edu", "phone": "7273399128", "gender": "Male", "race": "Indian or Indian American", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/milan-verma/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1zzAc3r_8JnJpkANVt0O8YsHnt-F3_YFg", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.91", "whyRem": "This past summer, I interned as an AI Strategy Consultant and enjoyed using problem solving and AI to help businesses save money and become more efficient. I believe Rem on Campus will help me build on these skills and allow me to pursue a career in consulting.", "coreValue": "Resilience", "valueEssay": "Resilience has always stood out to me because it represents the ability to keep moving forward, even when things go off track. Throughout my journey, especially this past summer, it is obvious that success doesn't come without setbacks. Every challenge has taught me to fight back with a stronger attitude and work ethic, allowing me to accomplish several goals. Accomplishments are made by staying disciplined and working through hardships, which is why resilience is most important to me.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance", "howRemHelps": "Rem on Campus will allow me to work in a hands on setting by solving real business problems and working directly with companies and clients. Rem would also allow me to strengthen my skillset, including communication, analytical thinking, and problem solving skills that are essential to the business world and consulting world alike. I am eager to connect with new and returning members, gaining exposure to different industries and increasing my confidence about pursuing a career in consulting.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist, Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Back-end web development, Web design, Marketing and analytics, Finance and accounting, HTML, AI LLM's (Anthropic, OpenAI, etc.)", "accommodations": "No", "other": "", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a15_1cbeea83", "timestamp": "8/28/2026 14:25:09", "name": "Deandra Kurti", "email": "deandra.kurti@gmail.com", "phone": "8622171901", "gender": "Female", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/deandra-kurti-7236a23a2", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1UufsEFx5IrSjNynZaNOpT4BqW9yXKWAy", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Biological Sciences (e.g. Biology, Chemistry and Physics)", "minor": "Mathematics", "gpa": "4.68 (Highschool), N/A (college)", "whyRem": "Being a member of Rem on Campus is an exciting opportunity to intentionally prepare myself for a consulting career while stepping into UF\u2019s campus life with purpose as a freshman. I\u2019m excited by the chance to work on real projects that mirror the collaborative and fast-paced problem-solving environment of the consulting world. I hope to gain guidance from experienced and ambitious peers who are equally committed to growing professionally and will provide me with a clearer understanding of what meaningful, client-focused work looks like through the utilization of technology. As eager as I am to learn how professionals communicate and deliver impact in Rem on Campus, I am equally motivated to contribute. I bring a leadership style that is centered on inclusivity so the ideas of my peers can flourish among one another. As a committed leader, I believe that the strongest teams are those that emerge from a simultaneously supportive and challenging team culture.", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "The way I lead and create impact is defined by the value I place in communities. The high school swimming team I joined my freshman year wouldn\u2019t recognize the team that I ended my swimming career with. It lacked more than just the funds and parent association, but a sense of camaraderie that I had just experienced on our state-championship soccer team. Despite being a newcomer, I recognized that our team\u2019s success would be rooted in strengthening our team culture. Drawing from what I\u2019d seen in soccer, I started gathering a few teammates I had just met that week and going to local Starbucks and Shake Shack, asking to partner with them to raise money for upgraded caps, uniforms, and equipment. These early efforts became contagious and grew into team-wide fundraisers coordinated with my coaches that soon funded regular team dinners that became the heart of our team\u2019s traditions and cultures for years to come. By senior year, I was elected captain, but I realized I had stepped into that role long before the title came along. Leading meant creating an environment to be proud of, one focused on accountability that transformed not only our team relationships but performance in the water. The strongest teams emerge united, a belief that I will bring along with me during my time with Rem and Company that makes me eager to contribute in a community that values growth and collective impact.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Medicine", "howRemHelps": "Joining Rem on Campus will support my goal of pursuing a career at the intersection of medicine and consulting by placing me in a team defined by diverse academic backgrounds and problem-solving approaches. Rem stands out for how intentionally it brings together students from a wide range of majors to strengthen the quality of client-centric decisions. Healthcare consulting requires understanding both the human side of care and the strategic, analytical side of business, and Rem\u2019s interdisciplinary approach mirrors that exact balance. Working alongside peers who think differently will challenge me to approach issues through multiple lenses and prepare me to use technology and data to shape meaningful solutions. Ultimately, Rem on Campus offers the environment I need to grow into a consultant who solves problems through the intersection of varied disciplines and perspectives. ", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Statistics and modelling, Mobile development, Data analysis, Marketing and analytics, Photography, Social media management, Ads (Facebook/Instagram), Brand Development", "accommodations": "", "other": "", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a16_11e9f224", "timestamp": "8/28/2026 14:33:12", "name": "Nathalie Patino", "email": "nathaliepatino456@gmail.com", "phone": "3052195797", "gender": "Female", "race": "Hispanic or Latino", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/nathaliepatino", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1oP1zer0LVV0deEiYXKCGRenL-vieUvmE", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2028", "classYear": "Junior", "major": "Business Administration, Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.71", "whyRem": "I want to be a member of Rem on Campus because I\u2019m interested in opportunities to apply what I\u2019m learning in the classroom to real business challenges while making a meaningful impact in my community.  What especially stands out to me about Rem is its focus on professional development and the opportunity to work directly with small businesses. Additionally, I especially like how students remained involved past 3 semesters and were committed to REM throughout university. I\u2019m also drawn to learning structure because it provides a clear opportunity to continuously develop my analytical, communication, and leadership skills. I would be excited to contribute my perspective, learn from my teammates, and grow to be someone who can take on greater responsibility within the organization. Most importantly, I want to be part of a team that uses its skills to help local businesses succeed and strengthen the communities around them. ", "coreValue": "Intellectual Growth", "valueEssay": "Intellectual growth is the value that stands out to me the most because while I have learned a great amount through my courses at UF, I believe that some of the most important learning happens through the people you surround yourself with. Learning from people with similar goals, different perspectives, and experience across different industries allows me to think beyond what I already know. As a student, I want to continue developing my understanding of business by learning from others and applying that knowledge to real-world situations and I believe Rem would give me the opportunity to do both.\n", "careerInterests": "Investment Banking / Finance, Wealth/Asset Management ", "howRemHelps": "Joining Rem on Campus would help me achieve my long term career goals by giving me hands-on experience solving real business problems and developing skills that I can apply to any career in finance. While again my coursework at UF has helped me build a strong foundation in business, I want to gain more experience understanding how businesses operate, identifying challenges, and using analytical thinking to develop solutions. I am particularly interested in Wealth and Asset Management because I enjoy understanding businesses, markets, and how financial decisions can create long-term value. Working with real businesses through Rem would allow me to strengthen my problem-solving, communication, and analytical skills. ", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Finance and accounting, Microsoft Office Suite", "accommodations": "N/A", "other": "N/A", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a17_7e1ea93a", "timestamp": "8/28/2026 1:08:49", "name": "Haozhen Yuan", "email": "haozhen292@gmail.com", "phone": "9548306654", "gender": "Male", "race": "Asian or Asian American", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/haozhen-yuan-282bb0395/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Uo28BUC_9szAudh7Sgjhp2QmaH1X038p", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Management", "minor": "Business Administration", "gpa": "3.8", "whyRem": "I believe Rem on Campus will be a great way to extend my knowledge and gain insight into the professional world. It will also provide an opportunity to build a network and meet eager individuals like me.", "coreValue": "Innovation", "valueEssay": "I believe innovation is the most crucial factor for a company to grow. I believe if I can expand my knowledge on innovation, it would open gateways in my professional journey. Being a useful asset for company growth.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Marketing, Brand Strategy, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence", "howRemHelps": "I believe Rem on Campus will help me by improving my skills to be efficient while also being effective. Which is a key to streamlining work in the careers in my interest.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Microsoft Office Suite, Brand Development", "accommodations": "N/A", "other": "N/A", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a18_f1339ec8", "timestamp": "8/28/2026 20:50:13", "name": "Justice Martin", "email": "justicemartin@ufl.edu", "phone": "9546654882", "gender": "Male", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": " https://www.linkedin.com/in/justice-martin-28b292357/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1MElZcDYxCmvcZ_bfRllBJKfM4a09mvQU", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Business Administration", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.73", "whyRem": "I admire how Rem empowers students to use their knowledge to strengthen their local communities. The opportunity to gain hands-on experience while helping organizations solve real problems is especially meaningful to me because it combines professional growth with service and ethical leadership, an aspect of business I believe is often overlooked. I want to join Rem because I know I can commit the time, energy, and work ethic that is necessary and deserved to improve our clients businesses and overall well being.", "coreValue": "Empathy", "valueEssay": "Empathy stands out to me because I believe many of the ethical challenges we see in business stem from a lack of understanding and consideration for others. When leaders genuinely empathize with clients, coworkers, competitors, and the communities they serve, business becomes about creating lasting value rather than simply maximizing profit. I admire that Rem recognizes empathy as a core value because I believe teaching future business leaders to lead with both compassion and integrity is rare, but essential for building stronger organizations and a better society.", "careerInterests": "Brand Strategy, Non-Profit / Social Impact, Public Policy / Government, Music management ", "howRemHelps": "I believe joining Rem on Campus is a step in the right direction toward my career goals because it provides the opportunity to develop professionally while making a meaningful impact. Rather than choosing organizations solely for how they might benefit my resume, I am drawn to opportunities where I genuinely believe in the mission, know the work creates positive change, and feel inspired to give my full effort. I know that when I care deeply about the purpose behind what I'm doing, I contribute at my highest level, and I believe Rem is the kind of organization where I can do exactly that.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Data analysis, Marketing and analytics, Design Thinking, Brand Development", "accommodations": "N/A", "other": "N/A", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a19_b60439c5", "timestamp": "8/28/2026 22:29:07", "name": "Ava Zaragoza", "email": "avazaragoza@ufl.edu", "phone": "7723026784", "gender": "Female", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/avazaragoza", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1_nNITNW_l0NlBnkZxzVoIvncfVXrhD7f", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.84", "whyRem": "I want to be a member of Rem on Campus because I am genuinely excited by the opportunity to surround myself with motivated people who present different perspectives and ideas. Whether they be my peers, who vary in major and background, or the business owners who I will have the pleasure of supporting, I grow best by hearing about others' experiences and applying what I learn to my own life. Beyond this, friends have shared their journey with Rem and the invaluable lessons they have gained. From creating lasting relationships with local companies to dedicating long hours on developing strategies and solutions, it is clear they have made a meaningful difference in not only their personal growth but in the growth of our community. These experiences are a testament to the value Rem provides, and I would love the opportunity to continue growing alongside it.", "coreValue": "Empathy", "valueEssay": "Of Rem's core values, empathy stands out to me because I believe it is often undervalued despite being essential to meaningful relationships and communication. Truly understanding someone's situation and putting yourself in their shoes can be difficult as we all naturally view the world through the lens of our own experiences and biases. I consider myself an empathetic person, but I also recognize that it is a skill and can always be strengthened. The opportunity to work closely with local business owners and spend real time developing solutions with them would challenge me to listen deeply and consider perspectives different from my own. I believe understanding is what drives communication to become more effective and strategies to become more impactful, making empathy a skill I hope to continue developing throughout my personal and professional journey. ", "careerInterests": "Investment Banking / Finance, Wealth Management ", "howRemHelps": "As I am pursuing a career in Wealth Management, Rem on Campus will allow me to develop the problem-solving and interpersonal skills necessary to be both efficient and successful in the industry. During my experience in the FPD Wealth Management track, I learned how valuable it is to be thrown into an ambiguous situation and learn how to work through the uncertainty to identify a solution. Rem would allow me to further develop this ability by working with businesses whose challenges may not have the clearest of answers. I am also drawn to the opportunity to develop customized solutions, as every business and, similarly, every wealth management client has special needs and circumstances. Working with different businesses would challenge me to understand their specific needs and communicate recommendations effectively. I am certain these skills will be pertinent to my career and that Rem on Campus will strengthen them. ", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Statistics and modelling, Data analysis, Marketing and analytics, Videography, Photography, Finance and accounting, Brand Development", "accommodations": "", "other": "I am truly grateful for the opportunity to apply and the students who put their time and dedication into running Rem on Campus. ", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [{"timestamp": "2026-09-01T16:49:14.359000", "spokeTo": "Sachin Mario, Hannah Lockwood, Eli Koon, Aya Aldorri, Maria Lopez, Terrence Smith"}], "infoSession": {"timestamp": "2026-09-02T00:21:25.305000", "session": "09/01", "appliedBefore": "No"}, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a20_71d628d4", "timestamp": "8/29/2026 14:35:45", "name": "Leila Silieti", "email": "leila.silieti@ufl.edu", "phone": "4074134207", "gender": "Female", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/leilasilieti", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=12rcvl1vgK1eTLuyAsX-xyICCqLsa-os7", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Engineering (various disciplines)", "minor": "Business Administration", "gpa": "3.67", "whyRem": "In my first year at the University of Florida, I learned that I can be successful in courses such as Physics, which is funny coming from an Engineering major, but is the truth nevertheless. I was originally intimidated by my coursework, but I have become confident in my ability to build my knowledge and understanding in the classroom. Now as I start my second year, I need to transition my focus and instead gain the skills and confidence I need to lead teams strategically and effectively. I am certain Rem on Campus is the outlet for me to gain the experience I am looking for, and I will be a passionate member from the very start of the \"Learning\" phase. As a junior strategist, I will invest my time in Rem on Campus so that I can improve my understanding of what it means to problem-solve in industry. ", "coreValue": "Resilience", "valueEssay": "For me, Resilience is the definition of my college journey. There are two aspects where resilience is most prevalent: in my finances and academics. Coming from a single parent household, I have had to pay for all of my college expenses, and thus I have been employed  by the University since before I even step foot on campus. Through my engineering curriculum I have learned how to bounce back and study harder after a 8/20 on my Physics exam. Additionally, I have been able to manage the stress when these two situations overlap. For instance, picking up extra UF tour shifts the morning of my Calculus exam. I will continue to be resilient and learn how to grow and adapt from experiences in my life, and also professionally when I am involved in industry. ", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Product Management", "howRemHelps": "The strategic model Rem on Campus has for their members is why I believe Rem will guide me to achieving my career goals. From the \"Learning\" to the \"Leading\" phase, I will be able to grow professionally as I gather a strong understanding of what the demands are in a client-facing role. I will also be grateful for the opportunity to be a strategy team member developing deliverables and analyzing solutions for clients. The experiences Rem provides will build my skill base, while also allowing me to become familiar with the objectives professionals aligned with my career goals face.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Statistics and modelling, Data analysis, Python, Microsoft Office Suite", "accommodations": "N/A", "other": "N/A", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [{"timestamp": "2026-09-02T18:32:12.191000", "spokeTo": "Kyle, Reese, Eli, Aya, Aarohi, Parker"}], "infoSession": {"timestamp": "2026-09-02T00:21:28.057000", "session": "09/01", "appliedBefore": "No"}, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a21_f7ec1864", "timestamp": "8/29/2026 16:47:55", "name": "Aryan Patel", "email": "adp0419@gmail.com", "phone": "9045320201", "gender": "Male", "race": "Asian or Asian American", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/adp0419", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1HDqvJQoDTvY_AJbaff_Pu9q_N5HV9Im4", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Computer Science / Information Systems", "minor": "Business Administration", "gpa": "3.93", "whyRem": "I understand that I am still new to the industry of consulting, but that is exactly why I want to be a part of Rem on Campus. As a Computer Science major with a Business Administration minor, what draws me to consulting is the same thing that draws me into tech: solving problems. This instance is just in the service of business decisions.\n\nRecently, I completed an externship for Amazon, where I analyzed employee reviews on Glassdoor to identify drivers of attrition in their Fulfillment Center warehouses. This was the first time I saw the intersection of tech and business in practice, turning raw qualitative data into numerical metrics a business could act on. I want Rem to help me build on that, and to learn how real client problems get scoped, how findings actually reach a business as strategy, and how to communicate technical work to people who are not engineers.\n\nBeyond the skills, I am also looking for a community I can learn from and eventually contribute to. I may not walk in knowing as much as other applicants, but I will show up ready to help wherever I am needed and to grow into the industry alongside Rem.", "coreValue": "Innovation", "valueEssay": "Only 1.4% of recorded history includes the era of computational technology. Yet in that sliver of time, we have already revolutionized the way we live, from putting supercomputers in everyone's pockets to landing rovers on Mars. Our ancestors going from smashing rocks together to our generation reaching for other planets is one of the most inspirational things ever. That indomitable human spirit, and the constant drive for innovation, is what draws me to software engineering.\n\nI was fascinated by technology from a young age; I built my first computer when I was 13, and from that point I knew I wanted a tech career. It was not an easy decision. Most of my family is in the medical field; my father is a pharmacist, and my sister is in medical school, and as much as I respect that path, I could not picture myself in scrubs. So I continued on my own path, researching the CS industry, building projects, and figuring things out mostly on my own.\n\nOnce I started college, I still felt that same pull to keep building and catching up, joining clubs, becoming a research assistant, and creating more projects, even when it felt like everyone else was ahead. That drive for excellence and innovation kept me pushing rather than settling for where I already am. It is why I want to be a part of Rem, to be around people who share the same hunger to innovate, and to keep growing alongside them.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Tech, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Product Management", "howRemHelps": "I am extremely interested in the intersection of technical skill and business strategy. Right now, most of my experience comes from the technical side: building projects, doing research, and working with data. What I am missing is the exposure to how that technical work translates into business strategy and real business impact. And that is the gap Rem can help me close.\n\nBy connecting with members who are on the same path as me, I can learn firsthand how problems get scoped, analyzed, and delivered as recommendations a business can actually act on. Product management especially lives in that overlap between technical execution and business strategy, and Rem gives me a way to explore it with mentorship.\n\nWhat I am looking for is guidance, real experience, and a community that is willing to help me turn my technical background into a business-facing skill set.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "User Experience (UX), Back-end web development, Web design, Data analysis, HTML, Python, Machine Learning", "accommodations": "n/a", "other": "n/a", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [{"timestamp": "2026-09-02T18:16:01.435000", "spokeTo": "Maya, Arohi, Eli, Isiah, Reese, Alexandra, Aya"}], "infoSession": {"timestamp": "2026-09-02T00:21:30.377000", "session": "09/01", "appliedBefore": "No"}, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a22_6634e109", "timestamp": "8/30/2026 17:28:09", "name": "Diya Tharun", "email": "d.tharun@ufl.edu", "phone": "8132916167", "gender": "Female", "race": "Indian or Indian American", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/diya-tharun", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=12T0gknvqc6pAIkQhwmNC2ufApZ-lF4VR", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2028", "classYear": "Junior", "major": "Management", "minor": "Other", "gpa": "3.59", "whyRem": "I want to join REM on Campus because it provides a great opportunity to gain hands-on experience solving real-world business challenges. I am excited to work alongside motivated students, collaborate with clients, and contribute to building an organization where members can develop their consulting skills through meaningful projects.  \n\nThrough my previous consulting experience with Enactus Active Consultancy, I developed a strong interest in consulting while working with a charter flight agency in Costa Rica. My team conducted research, evaluated operational challenges, and developed recommendations tailored to the client\u2019s needs. This experience strengthened my skills in research, problem-solving, and teamwork, while also showing me how much I enjoy working through ambiguous problems and developing practical solutions. However, because we were not involved in the implementation process, I did not get to see the long-term impact of our recommendations. \n\nAt REM on Campus, I hope to build on this experience by developing stronger skills in data analysis, strategic thinking, and client communication while gaining a deeper understanding of the consulting process. I am excited by the opportunity to see our efforts come to life in our community.", "coreValue": "Empathy", "valueEssay": "Empathy stands out to me because it is a value I try to practice in my everyday life. I make an effort to consider different perspectives, ensure others feel included, and create space for people to share their ideas and experiences. I also recognize that everyone is navigating circumstances that may not be visible to others, making it especially important to approach people with patience and understanding rather than assumptions. \n\nThis value has also shaped how I approach teamwork and professional experiences. I believe that understanding how others think and what they value leads to stronger collaboration and better outcomes. In consulting, empathy is particularly important because solving a client\u2019s problem requires more than identifying what is wrong. It requires listening carefully, understanding the context behind the challenge, and considering the perspectives of everyone affected by a recommendation. I hope to bring this mindset to REM by being someone who actively listens, values different perspectives, and helps create an environment where everyone feels comfortable contributing.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Entrepreneurship / Startups, Product Management, Non-Profit / Social Impact", "howRemHelps": "My primary career interest is consulting, and I believe joining REM on Campus would provide me with the practical experience necessary to explore and pursue this career path. I am particularly interested in gaining firsthand experience working with companies to understand their challenges, analyze information, and develop thoughtful, actionable recommendations. While my academic and extracurricular experiences have helped me build a foundation in analytical and critical thinking, I want to strengthen these skills by applying them to real-world business problems. \n\nThrough REM on Campus, I hope to develop a better understanding of the consulting process from beginning to end, including communicating with clients, conducting research, and presenting recommendations. I also believe that working with different companies and industries would expose me to a variety of business challenges and help me determine the areas of consulting that I find most interesting. Equally important, I am excited to build connections with the driven peers within REM. I believe being surrounded by people who are motivated to grow and challenge themselves would push me to improve while allowing me to learn from their diverse perspectives and experiences. Ultimately, I hope to build both the skills and relationships that will help me pursue a successful career in consulting. ", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Data analysis, Marketing and analytics, Photography, Social media management, Communications and copy-writing, Microsoft Office Suite", "accommodations": "None", "other": "Super excited for this opportunity!!", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a23_2ed15690", "timestamp": "8/30/2026 9:39:21", "name": "Logan Bartelt", "email": "l.bartelt@ufl.edu", "phone": "239-316-0831", "gender": "Male", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/logan-bartelt-69276a405", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TW3Jn4SH0CO3TvIkadgvwfdqZ2dcLaNy", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "N/A (First Semester Freshman)", "whyRem": "\tI want to be a member of Rem on Campus because of the ability to learn hard and soft skills that are necessary not only for a future career in finance, but also that help serve the local community here in Gainesville over my next four years here. Alongside learning, surrounding myself with people that are highly ambitious and passionate about the world of finance and applying that knowledge to better the community around them. As a child of parents who have owned small local food businesses, I have seen first hand the amount of work it takes to run a successful small business and the impact that an organization, such as Rem on Campus, can have on such businesses\u2013 helping them to become more efficient and expand to serve as many people as best as they can. Consulting with these small local businesses creates a chain reaction where helping them become more efficient in turn helps the customers have a better experience, bettering the overall community. In four years I would like to look back at the organizations or clubs I have been a part of and the work that I have done and be able to see that I left a positive impact on the lives of people in the community surrounding the place I am lucky to call home for these four years\u2013 and I believe Rem on Campus provides one of, if not the, best opportunity to do that whilst learning the skills I need to do so now and in the future.", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "\tTo me, community is the most important value because of the impact it has on you and the impact you can have on others. Out of the core values, I believe the root of improvement for all of them stems from community. When you surround yourself with people who are resilient, empathetic, innovative, and want to grow intellectually, you yourself are bound to naturally pick up on those characteristics. In turn, as you improve, the people in the community around you will pick up on your characteristics and begin improving themselves\u2013 and the cycle repeats. In that sense I was referencing the community of Rem on Campus, however, this also applies to the overarching community. Through consulting with businesses in the area, Rem on Campus at UF is able to improve the community in Gainesville by providing businesses with the tools to better serve the people of the community, allowing people more opportunity to grow. \n\tThroughout my life I have tried my best to surround myself with people that will push me to become the best that I can. Whether it was transferring schools, staying connected with friends, or building a relationship, each person in the community around me played a role in building me into who I am today\u2013 with specific impacts that I can point to. For example, the decision in my senior year to switch from football to cross country was, in part, led by the friends who I had made through running sharing goals and characteristics that I had and aspired to reach. It is for this reason that I value community so highly.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance", "howRemHelps": "\tJoining Rem on Campus would prepare me for careers in consulting and finance as a whole by providing the opportunity to learn the skills necessary for a career in the field and gain experience applying those skills to make a positive impact on the community around me through the \u201cLearning - Applying - Leading\u201d model that Rem on Campus embodies. In addition to gaining the technical skills, soft skills, and experience in the area, being part of this community allows me to meet people who are also driven to learn and serve those around them, allowing us to help and push each other to continue working to achieve the career we desire. By joining Rem on Campus I would be exposed directly to the type of work consulting organizations do, giving me hands-on experience in the field I am looking at a career for\u2013 a field that also has applications to the broader finance industry, such as investment banking, where the skills I learn here will apply no matter which specific sector I enter.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Social media management, Microsoft Office Suite, Currently majoring in Finance.", "accommodations": "No.", "other": "", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [{"timestamp": "2026-09-01T16:40:38.003000", "spokeTo": "Sachin Mario, Kyle Morris, Christian Fox, Maria Juliana Lopez"}, {"timestamp": "2026-09-02T18:31:44.096000", "spokeTo": "Aarohi Bali, Mackenzie Kurtz, Parker Whelan"}, {"timestamp": "2026-09-03T16:38:13.742000", "spokeTo": "Colton Swain, Terrence Smith, Brody Power, Pablo Navas, Aya Aldorri"}], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a24_07931044", "timestamp": "8/31/2026 15:30:13", "name": "Michelle Lin", "email": "michellelin0715@gmail.com", "phone": "(917) 226-5819", "gender": "Female", "race": "Asian or Asian American", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/michellelin-", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Spm4dI6idqUkCmwnASJ6mSmjLYkHd4nB", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Business Administration", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.72", "whyRem": "As an individual who constantly strives to challenge herself and become better at what she does, I believe Rem on Campus can help me become the version of myself I have always hoped to become, both personally and professionally.\n\nRem on Campus is filled with ambitious and motivated individuals who want the best for their clients. They are people who strive to provide thoughtful solutions not only because they are proud of their work, but also because they understand the responsibility of someone else\u2019s trust in them as they help better the company. These traits of individuals in Rem truly demonstrates the culture within the organization and what I appreciate. Each individual possesses an indescribable drive and accountability that is admirable. I want to surround myself with individuals like these so that I can be influenced to constantly push myself, stay curious, and be better in general.\n\nProfessionally, Rem on Campus has many individuals that are pursuing the same career I hope to pursue, consulting. As I learn more about the industry, I would be surrounded by individuals who can teach me more about consulting, navigate me through common challenges, and provide insight to their experience. They are able to help develop me professionally, and mentor me as I look for internships and full-time jobs within consulting.  \n\nI want to be a member of Rem on Campus because the organization will teach me all that I need to know about consulting, put that into practice, and become well-versed in the industry. Most of all, this newfound knowledge would allow me to ultimately discover the \u201cwhy\u201d behind my passion for this career. ", "coreValue": "Intellectual Growth", "valueEssay": "When people ask me what my favorite color is, I naturally say yellow and explain that it\u2019s because of Winnie the Pooh. In return, I receive confused looks but my explanation is simple. Yes, I like yellow because it is Winnie the Pooh\u2019s color, but more importantly it is his qualities and character that I associate with this color. Winnie the Pooh is my spirit animal. He is kind, loving, and finds joy in the simplest things, but the trait I love the most about him is his natural curiosity. His curious mind is fueled simply by the world around him and I see a resemblance within myself. My close family and friends know me and my endless \u201cwhys,\u201d sometimes to annoy them (on purpose, of course) but most of the time because I have genuine questions on the way things work or why something is the way it is.\n\nRather than sticking to the hobbies I already know, I have the tendency to always try something new because I live off the thrill of learning new things and stepping outside my comfort zone. This curious mindset has led me to take up golf, learn to do my own nails, fold jars full of paper stars, solve the rubix cube, play pickleball, and pursue many other things. To me, the feeling of starting something with zero idea of how to do it and eventually becoming familiar with it is unmatched. It gives me such a sense of accomplishment that I continue to feed off of this curiosity. Intellectual growth is more than just simply gaining more knowledge. I think that intellectual growth is a process where one continues to challenge themselves to be brave, learn more, and continue this endless pursuit. \n\nI also carry this mindset with me throughout my professional journey. Not even a semester ago, I discovered the career of consulting. The specifics of this path was extremely new to me, like case interviews. However, I found this unfamiliarity to be exciting rather than scary. I seek to grow knowledge within this field, so that one day I could look at a case and easily identify my buckets or work with a client and know what I am doing. With this goal in mind, I will continue to pursue knowledge within the field, starting right now with reading \u201cHacking the Case Interview.\u201d\n\nIntellectual growth also means expanding my views and perspectives to include the entire world rather than limiting it to the culture I live in. Professionally, I hope to be able to travel the world and be an international consultant one day. I have always had an extreme fondness over traveling and discovering other cultures as well as their way of life. With this, I hope to continue to learn about these differences in culture so that I can better approach topics and different things rather holistically than from the lens of what is familiar to me.\n\nUltimately, intellectual growth is a value to me because I have shaped my life around it. Without intellectual growth, I would not be the person I am today, confident and eager to learn about the unknown. It shapes my bravery, confidence, and knowledge which I believe will take me to my goals and beyond that. Like Winnie the Pooh, I will continue to navigate my life to discover the endless new things to learn about the world around me. ", "careerInterests": "Consulting", "howRemHelps": "Growing up, I was always most fond of projects in school, especially the ones where I had to build something like a 3D model of an animal cell. While some people complained that these projects were tedious, I found effectiveness within them. I have never been a pen-to-paper, taking notes during the lecture because that wasn\u2019t how I learned best. I could really understand concepts through hands-on projects, where I saw the application of my knowledge to something tangible.\n\nThe same idea is what piques my interest with Rem on Campus. As someone interested in pursuing consulting, I know that this field relies a lot on solving problems, working through cases, and developing real-world solutions. It is easy to just read \u201cHacking the Case interview\u201d and understand how the job works on paper, but it is another thing to actually apply those concepts in a real-world context. Rem provides the tangibility that I seek as I advance towards my career goals. With Rem, I would have the opportunity to work as a strategist on a team to develop solutions for real companies around me and see how they apply the solutions into their businesses. This provides a tangible impact and experience that would allow me to feel more prepared and confident going into the consulting career field. \n\nIn addition to providing me with a look into what consulting would be like in the real world, Rem on Campus would also help me strengthen various valuable skills in critical thinking, communication, collaboration, and problem-solving. With this knowledge, Rem on Campus helps build a foundation for me as I work to achieve my career goals. ", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist, Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Graphic design (Adobe Creative Cloud, Sketch, ProCreate, etc), Business Strategy, Web design, Marketing and analytics, Social media management, Microsoft Office Suite", "accommodations": "", "other": "", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [{"timestamp": "2026-09-02T16:18:49.143000", "spokeTo": "Brody, Anabella, Max"}], "infoSession": {"timestamp": "2026-09-02T00:21:16.416000", "session": "09/01", "appliedBefore": "No"}, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a25_423e768a", "timestamp": "8/8/2026 19:45:48", "name": "Naomy Torres Contreras", "email": "naomytorrescontr@ufl.edu", "phone": "7866309914", "gender": "Female", "race": "Hispanic or Latino", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/naomy-torres-contreras", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1AuR6F-tqMjCn4Bun5b6JT9M7sfstZ1bf", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Industrial and Systems Engineering", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.2", "whyRem": "I want to join Rem on Campus because it would give me the opportunity to take my growing interest in consulting and develop it through real experience. I am particularly drawn to Rem\u2019s \u201cLearning, Applying, Leading\u201d model because it reflects how I want to grow as a future consultant.\u00a0\n\nI also really value that Rem works directly with local small businesses. The opportunity to work with a real client, understand their challenges, conduct research, and develop recommendations that could actually improve their business is something I find exciting. My experience at Torre Construction & Development showed me that I enjoy looking beyond a problem on the surface and trying to understand why it exists and how a process can be improved. I want to take that mindset into a setting where I can work with other students, learn from different perspectives, and see how consulting works from beginning to end.\n\nUltimately, I see Rem as an opportunity to push myself outside of the classroom while developing skills that I know will be important in my career. I want to become a stronger problem solver and communicator, but more importantly, I want to learn how to approach problems from a client's perspective. Consulting is not just about having the right answer; it is about understanding the people and business behind the problem and working with them to create a solution that is actually useful and adds value. Rem\u2019s focus on learning, community impact, and developing students into leaders strongly aligns with the kind of experience I am looking for and the kind of consultant I hope to become.", "coreValue": "Empathy", "valueEssay": "Empathy stands out to me because I believe it is a fundamental part of being a good consultant. It allows you to put yourself in a client\u2019s shoes and understand a problem from their perspective rather than looking at it as an outsider. Before trying to recommend a solution, I think it is important to understand the people experiencing the problem, what their day to day looks like, and why a process may work the way it does.\n\nI learned the importance of this early in my experience at Torre Construction & Development. I started working there in high school, and if I wanted to understand the business beyond my own responsibilities, I quickly realized I had to learn to see things from everyone else\u2019s perspective. Even something as simple as a manager not having time to explain something to me taught me to be more understanding. It was not necessarily that they did not want to help me, they had their own responsibilities and priorities. Instead of taking that personally, I learned to make the most of the time they could give me and find ways to learn independently.\n\nThat mindset became even more important when I transitioned into operations this summer. To understand and solve operational problems, I had to put myself in the shoes of the people actually experiencing them. This meant understanding the challenges field workers faced with technology, while also looking at the inefficiencies project managers experienced from a completely different perspective. Seeing these differences helped me understand that the same problem can look very different depending on who is experiencing it.\n\nThis is why empathy is the Rem value I connect with most. As I continue exploring consulting, I want to develop the ability to not only identify problems, but to understand them from the perspective of the people affected by them. I believe that is what allows a consultant to move beyond simply giving advice and instead develop solutions that are practical, relevant, and genuinely valuable to the client.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence", "howRemHelps": "I believe joining Rem on Campus would help me bridge the gap between my academic background and my growing interest in consulting. As an Industrial and Systems Engineering student, I have developed an interest in using data and analytical thinking to understand how systems work and how they can be improved. My experience at Torre Construction & Development strengthened that interest by giving me the opportunity to work directly with operational and business problems. I realized that I really enjoy looking at a problem, understanding the different factors contributing to it, and thinking about how a process can be made more effective.\n\nRem would allow me to build on that experience in a more structured consulting environment. Working directly with clients would help me develop skills that are difficult to learn in a classroom, especially communicating with clients, asking the right questions, and turning analysis into recommendations that are actually useful. I also think working alongside other students would expose me to different ways of approaching problems and challenge me to become a better teammate and problem solver.\n\nMost importantly, I see Rem as an opportunity to explore consulting while developing the analytical, communication, and leadership skills I will need to pursue it after college. I am still early in my career, so I want to put myself in environments where I can learn by doing, make mistakes, and continue improving. I believe Rem\u2019s hands-on approach would give me that opportunity while allowing me to create meaningful value for the businesses I work with.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Data analysis, Microsoft Office Suite", "accommodations": "", "other": "One thing I would want Rem to know is that I genuinely value putting myself in unfamiliar environments. I believe some of the most meaningful growth comes from being willing to step outside of what is comfortable and learn how to navigate something new. A lot of my growth so far has come from taking on responsibilities before I felt completely prepared for them. From starting at Torre in high school and gradually taking on different roles within the company to becoming more involved in its operations, I have learned how to adapt quickly and contribute in different environments.\n\nThat is the same mindset I would bring to Rem. I am excited by the opportunity to be surrounded by people with different experiences and perspectives and to challenge myself in an environment that is new to me. I am someone who actively seeks opportunities that push me to learn and adapt because I believe that is how I continue to grow. I would be grateful for the opportunity to bring my own perspective to Rem while learning from the people around me and contributing to its community.", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a26_2beb1129", "timestamp": "9/1/2026 0:00:52", "name": "Sergio Acosta", "email": "sergio.acosta@ufl.edu", "phone": "4698231465", "gender": "Male", "race": "Hispanic or Latino", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/sergiojacosta", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1lpPm3a2pY3VyhPFUqr-YRiOKNIZSkpZc", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2028", "classYear": "Junior", "major": "Business Administration", "minor": "Computer Science / Information Systems, Finance", "gpa": "3.9", "whyRem": "I want hands-on consulting experience with real clients while I'm still in school. Adapting fast and figuring things out with limited support is something I've had to do my whole life; moving across three countries taught me that early. I've since applied that same instinct to project-based work: an operational strategy pitch deck during my Amazon externship, cross-cultural business projects in coursework. But I want to build that into a repeatable skill set on a team, with real accountability, not just one-off assignments. Rem gives me that structure, plus a community of people who take the work seriously.", "coreValue": "Resilience", "valueEssay": "Resilience isn't abstract for me, it's been the constant across three countries. I moved from Venezuela to Mexico at 12, back to Venezuela at 14, then to the U.S. at 15, landing in Dallas right before starting high school. Nobody was there to help me learn English; there was no ESL support waiting for me. I had to teach myself on my own time, outside of class, while still keeping up with schoolwork in a language I didn't speak yet. Making friends and adjusting to an entirely different culture happened at the same time, with no real cushion. Since I was a kid, my father always told me to be resilient and stay constant with the things I want to achieve, and that stuck with me. It's what got me through those moves. I've never given up on something until I found the solution, whatever it took. Resilience isn't a mindset you talk about; it's showing up every day and doing the unglamorous work until you catch up. That's the same standard I hold myself to now, whether it's a difficult class or a client project that isn't going the way I planned.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Brand Strategy, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Non-Profit / Social Impact", "howRemHelps": "Rem sits right at the intersection of these three. Consulting engagements will sharpen my client-facing problem-solving; the analytical rigor consulting projects demand will strengthen my data analytics skills; and working across different client industries will give me exposure to brand and marketing strategy I don't get from coursework alone. I want to leave Rem with a portfolio of real client work I can point to, not just a title.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist, Consulting Strategist, Team Lead", "skills": "User Experience (UX), Business Strategy, Web design, Data analysis, Marketing and analytics, Python, Machine Learning", "accommodations": "No", "other": "I'm genuinely excited about the opportunity to contribute to Rem, and I show up consistently for the things I commit to.", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a27_da2475d2", "timestamp": "9/1/2026 11:44:18", "name": "Matias Costantini", "email": "matiascostantini@ufl.edu", "phone": "7865997331", "gender": "Male", "race": "Hispanic or Latino", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/matias-costantini-b5a32742b", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ThAMRdGMlz7a2K5R9wGPp4jKoUBoDyHz", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Business Administration, Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.9", "whyRem": "Joining Rem on Campus would be a great opportunity for me since I am seeking an experience that could be gained in the course of client facing tasks that cannot be obtained through coursework only. Being a Finance major from the University of Florida, I want to put a lot of time to studying how to analyze certain problems and how to come to my conclusions. However, I need to get some practical experience in doing that.\n\nThe reason why being a Junior Strategist suits me better is that it will allow me to gain certain experience in building up a solid base by learning skills such as design thinking, learning how a strategy team works and, how it prepares its result based on solid data. Rather than jumping right into leading something without having enough practice and experience in that area, I would prefer to see how a senior does that and get used to the way it is done.\n\nWhat is more important for me is the possibility of impacting lives of small businesses and nonprofits in my local community.", "coreValue": "Intellectual Growth", "valueEssay": "Intellectual development stood out to me right away, as it is the one value I have always depended on throughout the activities I have chosen, even without having a term for it yet. A couple of summers ago, for example, I taught myself how stocks and markets work, simply out of intellectual curiosity. This led me to be President of my school's Finance Club, facilitating discussion groups on the fundamentals of investing and group projects analyzing real estate transactions as another way of testing my knowledge by trying to teach others about it.\n\nI have done so in the past as well. I started and analyzed an independent survey study on people's saving and spending behavior simply because I wanted to understand the reasons behind people's everyday spending actions, and I have spent years tutoring children in a variety of subjects such as mathematics or reading comprehension.\n\nThat is exactly what Rem on Campus offers me, an opportunity to continue doing exactly the same, but in a different setting and a different context. Intellectual growth is what I beleive in and I think Rem on Campus can offer me that.", "careerInterests": "Real Estate", "howRemHelps": "I feel joining Rem on Campus will help create the very foundation necessary for a career in real estate, even though the clients not being property investors themselves. Career in the real estate industry thrives and survives based on the ability to interpret the local market, understanding how it moves, conducting a financial analysis based on this information, and making a proper recommendation to a client making an important decision. The skills mentioned above are basically what one acquires being involved in the training program of Rem on Campus, the only difference is that in such a scenario we are not talking about a property but a business or nonprofit organization.\n\nI have already experienced the attraction towards real estate careers by becoming the President of Finance Club of my school and running several projects dealing with the process of conducting transactions in the real estate sphere from the perspectives of both the buyer and seller. However, all of this was only a theory. Joining Rem on Campus will provide me with the opportunity to learn about the practical side of the story. As Junior Strategist, I will be able to observe the ways professionals approach vague issues and how to conduct research.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Marketing and analytics, Social media management, Finance and accounting", "accommodations": "None", "other": "", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a28_0f590130", "timestamp": "9/1/2026 12:46:28", "name": "Cindy Liao", "email": "cindyliao@ufl.edu", "phone": "2566982869", "gender": "Female", "race": "Asian or Asian American", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/cindy-liao-0173i372361/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=10fEP2je74LbQ17uslNDN6UuwTClA_M0nKWN1w2K5F2U", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Accounting", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.36", "whyRem": "I want to join Rem on Campus because I hope to pursue consulting in the future, and it would provide an excellent opportunity to gain experience in the field throughout the year. Having just switched from being pre-med the entirety of my freshman year, I have found it hard to find a community of people that have the same goals as me career wise. Additionally, as Rem is more focused than general business clubs, it will provide a group of people with similar consulting aspirations who I will be able to learn from.", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "Community is huge for me because I firmly believe that everyone is where they are in life because of the people surrounding them. Everyone no matter how smooth their path to whatever they are pursuing will experience setbacks. When it comes to preserving past those setbacks, it is the group of people who support, uplift, and encourage you that allow you to get through it. I really believe that no one can get through life alone, and whether it is people there for you to celebrate your wins, and carry you through losses, I think having a firm community by your side at all times is the most important part of not only having a successful career, but a happy life.\n", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Product Management", "howRemHelps": "Rem on Campus will give me real-world consulting experience, coming from a place with little experience. Especially applying for junior consulting strategist, I will be given enough support to fully learn about the field and skills necessary to succeed, but also given enough autonomy where I will be able to use trial and error to learn. Additionally, the networking opportunities and people I will meet in Rem will be invaluable when it comes to making meaningful connections in the field.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Photography, Social media management, Finance and accounting", "accommodations": "n/a", "other": "n/a", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a29_cad692c6", "timestamp": "9/1/2026 13:41:35", "name": "Diego Lopez Franco", "email": "lopezfrancodiego@ufl.edu", "phone": "3054972336", "gender": "Male", "race": "Hispanic or Latino", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/diego-lopez-franco/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Rrawtt9x-T13lOHaffy2oxsPgiv-cSvY", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "N/A", "whyRem": "I want to be a member of Rem on Campus because I love that its consulting work is connected to the Gainesville community. I was most attracted to the fact that it supported 38 local small businesses and nonprofits through pro bono consulting in the past year. Rem gives members responsibility over a real client team and a clear path from junior strategist to team lead; this is the best way that I see to learn real consulting concepts. The chance to learn it and then apply it to real life matches my way of learning: building the basics, then putting them into practice until perfection is achieved, and eventually helping others do the same. \n\nI want to learn how to break down complex problems, turn research into action, and communicate it effectively to a client while helping a business grow. I would bring curiosity, ambition, a hunger for learning, and the willingness to contribute wherever the team needs me.", "coreValue": "Empathy", "valueEssay": "Empathy stands out to me because I know that to get the best solution, you need to understand the person you are trying to help. While tutoring underprivileged students at Gibson Charter School, I saw kids learn at different paces and come from very different backgrounds. The same solution didn't work for all of them; I had to listen, understand their needs, and learn to adapt.\n\nThis experience led me to write a children's finance book designed around concepts like saving, budgeting, and investing, and made it very approachable for young students. It taught me that empathy is not only about being a good person, but that it makes you a better problem solver. In consulting, when working with small-business owners who worked hard on what they created, understanding the person who has the problem is the most important thing before coming up with a solution.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance", "howRemHelps": "Rem would help me build skills I could use in both consulting and finance. Working alongside a small business would help me understand how a company operates, identify what causes problems, analyze qualitative and quantitative information, and turn it into actions the client can use. This skill translates well to consulting, but it's just as valuable in finance, where understanding a business goes far beyond numbers.\n\nThe experience that I would gain communicating recommendations to clients and showing my reasoning is what I'm most interested in. The progression from Junior Strategist to Strategist and, one day, Team Lead would give me greater responsibility and the chance to lead a team. Whatever career I end up pursuing, I would like to leave college understanding businesses, communicating under stress, and contributing effectively on a team.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Marketing and analytics, Social media management, Finance and accounting, Communications and copy-writing, Microsoft Office Suite, Brand Development", "accommodations": "N/A", "other": "As a first-year, I'm very excited to learn with Rem over my four years. I hope to take on greater responsibility as I develop and, one day, be in a position to help new members. I bring an international perspective, having lived in Spain, Brazil, and the U.S., and I am fluent in Spanish, Portuguese, and English. These experiences have made me comfortable adapting to new and different people, perspectives, cultures, and communication styles. I believe all of this would be valuable when working with clients and a team.", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a30_9b69c06c", "timestamp": "9/1/2026 13:47:04", "name": "Maximo Federici", "email": "maximofederici@ufl.edu", "phone": "2026973336", "gender": "Male", "race": "Hispanic or Latino", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/maximo-federici-3b9048430", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1mLIs-SU_g3xV0CqkN-kAL9PdJAlVPmyZ", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.907", "whyRem": "During my last years of high school, I learned the fundamentals of finance from inside of real firms. I interned at three different financial firms in which I analyzed markets, researched about global economic trends, and built risk-adjusted portfolios. Those experiences opened the financial world and taught me how capital operates at the top of the market. But the accomplishment that I'm most proud of is the HandsOnFoundation, a nonprofit I founded to connect volunteer tutors with underprivileged students in Argentina.\n\nThis contrast is exactly why I want to be a member of Rem On Campus. I have experienced how large and complex financial institutions can be, but I haven't yet had the chance to apply those learned skills into the small businesses and nonprofits that Rem On helps. Some local companies and entrepreneurs can't afford a consulting firm, but they need it just as much as other large organizations do. I'm also interested in Rem's model of connecting students with real clients under the guidance of industry professionals. It is exactly the kind of hands-on experience that I sought out throughout my high school years. \n\nLastly, I'm drawn towards the \"Learning, Applying, Leading\" structure that Rem holds. Specifically, because I know through experience that the leadership part cannot go missing. I have built teams, coordinate with students and volunteers and held accountability for consequences since I was a freshman in high school. I want to bring those same skill sets into the Rem On team and continue building the goal that has always mattered to me: helping those in need.", "coreValue": "Empathy", "valueEssay": "The value that stands out to me the most is empathy. It has shaped almost everything that I do outside the classroom. When I founded the HandsOnFoundation, I saw many students in Argentina that lacked access to the academic support that most people today take for granted. These students were bright and talented, but were missing the opportunities and resources that could allow them to reach their full potential. Instead of simply accepting that fact, I decided to do something about it. I started by connecting students with volunteer tutors from my area, tutors who had the knowledge needed to help them. Eventually I turned HandsOnFoundation into a real non-profit organization with the goal of making education more accessible to students regardless of the circumstances. \n\nThis experience has taught me everything about empathy. The students we worked with were just as capable and motivated as anyone else. Recognizing that taught me to look beyond someone's circumstances and understand what they actually need to succeed. \n\nNow, my plan is to bring the skills that I learned to Rem. Through empathy and HandsOnFoundation, I understood how to listen to people, and figure out what it is that they need. I learned how to turn an idea into something that can create meaningful change. At Rem, I hope to bring that same mindset into the small businesses we would work with. I want to recognize the challenges that they are facing, and understand them beyond the numbers. But most important, I will provide the same sense of responsibility I felt towards the students we helped in HandsOnFoundation.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Entrepreneurship / Startups, Non-Profit / Social Impact", "howRemHelps": "Finance, consulting, and entrepreneurship are my principal career interests. Rem On Campus is the perfect opportunity for me to explore these areas, while at the same time, gaining actual experience working with businesses. \n\nBy working with small startups and nonprofits, I will be able to expand the range of skills that I have learned. I am eager to learn more about how businesses operate, the challenges that they face, and how a smart consulting team can support and improve them. Also, working with clients will allow me to improve my communication skills and present ideas more clearly and confidently. \n\nI am still in my freshman year of college, so joining Rem On would be a huge opportunity for me. I will have the opportunity to learn from other students and professionals while also figuring out where my career interests take me in life.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Statistics and modelling, Data analysis, Finance and accounting, Communications and copy-writing, Microsoft Office Suite, Brand Development", "accommodations": "No", "other": "I am hoping to come into Rem On Campus with a lot to learn, but also with a strong mindset to work. I would like you to know that I am someone that takes commitments seriously. I understand that when I am surrounded by people who challenge and expect from me, I learn the most. Whether through my internships, my nonprofit, or other projects, I now know that following through on what I commit is just as important as having good ideas. I am ready to learn and contribute in any possible way. ", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a31_208a93f3", "timestamp": "9/1/2026 19:01:24", "name": "Carolina Garmendia ", "email": "cgarmendia@ufl.edu", "phone": "3054969290", "gender": "Female", "race": "Hispanic or Latino", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/carolina-garmendia-77851038b?utm_source=share_via&utm_content=profile&utm_medium=member_ios", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=18aZTqP-JUUnZ1oB1iQJUULlEB1G9NwaH", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2028", "classYear": "Junior", "major": "Business Administration", "minor": "Finance", "gpa": "3.84", "whyRem": "To become more involved in campus and in the business world. To learn and grow in the business world, connecting with fellow peers with similar interests ", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "Growing up in very big, close communities, I have learned how important communities are in your day to day lives. People to help you grow, learn, and have other to lean on", "careerInterests": "Investment Banking / Finance, Marketing", "howRemHelps": "I believe joining Rem will help me learn more about business and help me learn more about how I see my day to day life in the future, in the workforce.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist, Consulting Strategist, Team Lead", "skills": "Business Strategy, Photography, Finance and accounting, Communications and copy-writing", "accommodations": "", "other": "", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a32_f220f26f", "timestamp": "9/1/2026 19:03:20", "name": "Isabella Horowitz", "email": "ihorowitz@ufl.edu", "phone": "9178318983", "gender": "Female", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/isabellahorowitz", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=13jeyor_jK6jRT0gV2K71baDsysuLfqMw", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2028", "classYear": "Junior", "major": "Business Administration", "minor": "Economics", "gpa": "3.84", "whyRem": "I want to be a member of Rem on Campus to have the opportunity to give back to small businesses and boost my career by learning skills to become a consultant and applying my past experiences. Joining this organization is important to my professional development because I want to learn more about what is involved in consulting to explore it as a career path. Additionally, my career goals align with Rem on Campus's values. I want to utilize creativity to help people and have the chance to work on a team to improve peoples' lives. Rem on Campus would be one of the best ways to boost my career and develop myself in my personal and professional life.", "coreValue": "Intellectual Growth", "valueEssay": "Intellectual growth stands out to me because college is a time to explore what I want for a career and to take every opportunity to grow my skillset. As someone who aspires to be able to solve business problems as well as everyday problems for all sorts of people, having technical training in college is one of the most valuable ways I can do this. Intellectual growth is a continuous process, but it allows you to expand your horizons to be able to think on a larger scale about the world, which can then be converted into broader problem solving skills. As an aspiring consultant with an interest in nonprofits, developing how I view and approach business problems is a key skill that I will need for success. Intellectual growth comes from challenging oneself, which is something I value that is also important for my career aspirations.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Entrepreneurship / Startups, Non-Profit / Social Impact, Undecided / Exploring Options", "howRemHelps": "Joining Rem on Campus will boost my career because it focuses on developing consulting skills. While consulting is only one of my potential career paths, learning skills and having training as a consultant, regardless of which path I end up taking, will give me more opportunities throughout college and after graduation. Entrepreneurship and startups can both run into many problems as new companies and/or business concepts, and Rem on Campus would teach me the skills to approach those struggles head-on. It would also train me in relevant areas if I pursue a career in the non-profit/social impact category, because they also face several unique categories of issues that may have more legal restrictions. Rem on Campus would prepare me to face any problem in my own life and in whatever career path I pursue.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Statistics and modelling, Data analysis, Marketing and analytics, Photography, Social media management, Design Thinking, Ads (Facebook/Instagram), Brand Development", "accommodations": "", "other": "", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a33_093e80d3", "timestamp": "9/1/2026 20:25:12", "name": "Sanaya Rai", "email": "Sanaya.rai@gmail.com", "phone": "8473452413", "gender": "Female", "race": "Asian or Asian American", "linkedin": "N/A", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=109ClAqRWbbTvaNRGGh6DujuaHkF70UlQ", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "N/A", "whyRem": "I want to be a member of REM on Campus because, coming to UF as an out-of-state student, I want to get involved and meet as many people as I can. Through word of mouth, I have heard many great things about REM and the opportunities it provides. Throughout high school, I was heavily involved in business centered clubs. However, none of them were tailored to consulting, which is an area I have been interested in pursuing. The opportunity to give back to local communities while developing my consulting and soft skills is something I believe I could gain a lot from. Additionally, I am excited to connect with the students already involved in REM. As I navigate my path through college, having the opportunity to talk with older students who have been in my shoes and learn from their experiences would be extremely valuable. Overall, I see REM as an opportunity to become more involved at UF as I build meaningful relationships and explore my continuing interest in consulting.", "coreValue": "Resilience", "valueEssay": "Resilience is the value that stands out to me. Throughout high school, I can think back to various times where I felt overwhelmed with stress, my course load, or just mentally drained.  Throughout these times, I kept reminding myself to push forward and get back on my feet. In college, I know I will face similar challenges and I plan to overcome them by being resilient and continuing forward. Being around like minded people in REM will allow me to have a community to rely on and I hope to be someone that people can rely on as well. ", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance, Product Management, Non-Profit / Social Impact", "howRemHelps": "I believe that joining REM on Campus will help me achieve my career goals as it will expose me to different pathways in the business world. While practicing my skills with consulting cases, I can identify my strengths and how I can build upon them, while also recognizing areas that I can improve on. Understanding these strengths and weaknesses will then help narrow down the numerous career fields that are available, allowing me to determine where my skills best fit. Similarly, being able to discuss with other members in REM their career journey and what they have learned will also be a huge helping hand in my journey. As someone who still has a lot to explore within the business world, I believe REM on Campus will provide me with the right guidance and opportunities.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Marketing and analytics, Social media management, Brand Development", "accommodations": "No.", "other": "Im super excited for this opportunity!", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a34_b20efe3d", "timestamp": "9/1/2026 20:35:16", "name": "Chloe Leskovac", "email": "chloeleskovac@ufl.edu", "phone": "3305658426", "gender": "Female", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/chloe-leskovac-a12397433/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=19XdclzuNuulnN0awt13_nTrWCVPRouRj", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.82", "whyRem": "I want to be part of REM on Campus because I'm interested in consulting and want to gain experience solving real world business problems. I'm especially interested in finance and wealth management. I think consulting would help me develop the analytical communication, and problem solving skills that are important in those fields. I also want to surround myself with motivated students who challenge me to think differently and take advantage of opportunities outside the classroom. I believe REM would give me the opportunity to learn from others, build meaningful connections, and get a better understanding of what a career in consulting can look like.", "coreValue": "Resilience", "valueEssay": "The core value of resilience stands out to me because I've learned that growth usually comes from moments when things don't go exactly planned. Starting college has pushed me outside of my comfort zone, especially as I figure out what I want my future in finance to look like. I've had to become comfortable not having everything figured out but rather pushing myself to pursue opportunities. I think resilience is especially important in consulting because you have to able to adapt, think critically, and stay confident. That is a quality I want to continue developing through REM and carry with me into my career.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance, Marketing, Tech, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Product Management", "howRemHelps": "I believe joining REM on Campus will l help me explore my interests in consulting while building skills that will be valuable in any business career. I want to gain hands on experience working through real problems, learn how to approach cases from different perspectives, and become a stronger communicator. I also think being surrounded by motivated students and professionals will push me outside of my comfort zone and help me better understand which career path is right for me. Ultimately, I see REM as a way to gain experience, build my network, and grow both personally and professionally.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Statistics and modelling, Mobile development, Marketing and analytics, Photography, Communications and copy-writing, Design Thinking, Ads (Facebook/Instagram)", "accommodations": "No", "other": "I am currently in the FPD program. ", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a35_5b7764a0", "timestamp": "9/2/2026 11:09:41", "name": "Zachary Meyerowitz", "email": "zachary@meyerowitzfamily.com", "phone": "4705503339", "gender": "Male", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/zacharymeyerowitz", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ClxNmOQshfLucPKFFHSoGwTzCEADG0Qf", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2028", "classYear": "Junior", "major": "Business Administration, International Relations / Global Studies", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.83", "whyRem": "I'm eager to join Rem on Campus for the chance to grow both professionally and intellectually in a challenging, supportive environment. The organization offers hands-on consulting experience in a field I'm genuinely passionate about pursuing, and I look forward to working alongside driven, hard-working peers who will expand my network and push me to raise my professional and personal standards. What excites me most, though, is the opportunity to partner directly with real-world companies to deliver practical solutions with tangible impact.", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "Hands down, the most important value for me is community. I come from a place where community is everything, everybody knows everybody, and everyone is there for one another. Whenever something bad happens, there are always people willing to lend a helping hand. My community has always pushed me to do better and work harder, and I want to be part of an organization that does the same. That's a big part of why I'm eager to join Rem: I'll gain not only a community of hard-working, driven peers to work alongside on projects, but also a nationwide network of past and present Rem members whose experience I can continue to learn from.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Undecided / Exploring Options", "howRemHelps": "I believe joining Rem on Campus will help me achieve my career goals because it will expose me to real-world problems and cases while also providing a strong network of people who can be great advocates and supporters. The tasks and projects in Rem will be instrumental to my personal growth, helping me build proficiency in skills and tactics that are essential when dealing with real-world cases, directly preparing me for the consulting cases I may see once I'm in my career. On top of that, Rem offers a network of hard-working, successful peers and mentors who will all be valuable connections to have in the future.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Finance and accounting", "accommodations": "NA", "other": "I am really excited about the potential opportunity to be part of Rem. I've heard so many great things from friends and peers about the organization, and I'm eager to be a part of it.", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a36_aa32f18e", "timestamp": "9/2/2026 12:37:41", "name": "Avaneesh Yada ", "email": "avanyada2193@gmail.com", "phone": "9047750388", "gender": "Male", "race": "Asian or Asian American", "linkedin": "| linkedin.com/in/avaneesh-yada-388738431", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1MkYYnt2yae_G1mlFnNY73LAYnHfor7Sj", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.4", "whyRem": "I want to be a member because I can get real world experience with consulting and I'm intrigued to help small businesses and creating real strategies with your community to combat problems. ", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "This value stands out to me because I watched one of my dad's close friends struggle to keep his Indian restuarant afloat. I saw how he had thin margins, how long it took to keep the place running, and controversies with coworkers and staff. That's when I realize that just knowledge can only take you so far. I'm majoring in finance because I want to be one of those people to fix those type of problems. REM is a perfect opportunity  to where I can be part of a community to help people. ", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Marketing", "howRemHelps": "Consulting and marketing both involve solving real problems, and Rem on Campus gives an opportunity to do that instead of just learning about it in my finance classes. I think about my dad's friend and his restaurant a once in a while, and just wonder how different it could've been if someone helped fix his problems. Rem on campus puts me on real small businesses and would let me get real world experience. ", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Statistics and modelling, Marketing and analytics, Photography", "accommodations": "No accommodations", "other": "N/A", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a37_67d3d9fb", "timestamp": "9/2/2026 12:45:08", "name": "Gabriella Angulo", "email": "gabriella.angulo@ufl.edu", "phone": "8139971580", "gender": "Female", "race": "Hispanic or Latino", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/gabriella-angulo", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1lbVSKheoqHjJgGBULqs_RNreDrVGwD4i", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2028", "classYear": "Junior", "major": "Engineering (various disciplines)", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.96", "whyRem": "I want to join Rem on Campus because I am looking for real, hands-on experience and hard skills that go far beyond what a textbook can teach. Classroom learning provides a solid foundation, but nothing replaces the growth that comes from solving fast-paced, real-world business challenges. What excites me most is the opportunity to work directly with local business owners and clients. I want to grow my learning in how to diagnose operational bottlenecks, analyze data under realistic constraints, and deliver strategies that genuinely impact a business\u2019s bottom line. Presenting recommendations to real stakeholders will force me to think on my feet and refine my professional communication. Ultimately, I want to bridge the gap between academic theory and real execution. Rem on Campus offers the ideal environment to develop those practical consulting and supply chain skills while delivering meaningful results alongside a high-performing team.", "coreValue": "Resilience", "valueEssay": "Resilience stands out most to me because true growth happens when things do not go according to plan. Early in my academic journey, facing steep challenges in aerospace engineering left me feeling defeated. Instead of letting that setback define me, I chose to pivot toward industrial engineering, turning a difficult moment into a clear path forward that aligned better with my strengths and interests. I put this value into practice again during my time in a case competition last spring. When our project group was suddenly reduced from five members to two, my partner and I were left with a choice: complain or step up. We embraced the extra workload, restructured our approach, and ultimately earned second place. That experience showed me that resilience is more than just enduring a tough situation; it is about taking ownership, staying adaptable, and delivering results despite unexpected obstacles. Joining Rem on Campus would mean bringing this mindset to every project. Whether navigating complex client challenges in supply chain operations or adapting under tight deadlines, I know that maintaining resilience enables me to learn continuously and support my team through any setback.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Engineering", "howRemHelps": "Joining Rem on Campus feels like the ideal bridge between what I am learning in the classroom and where I ultimately want to take my career. My goal is to work in operations, supply chain, or engineering consulting, and the practical experience Rem on Campus provides is exactly what I need to prepare for those fast-paced environments. For supply chain and operations, having the opportunity to work on real client cases means I can move beyond textbook theories. I want to practice optimizing complex workflows, identifying bottlenecks, and managing logistics challenges as they unfold in real time. On the consulting side, the hands-on project work will help me hone critical skills like breaking down ambiguous technical problems, turning raw data into strategic insights, and presenting polished solutions clearly to stakeholders. Beyond the technical preparation, what excites me most is the collaborative environment. Working alongside a dedicated, high-achieving team will sharpen my cross-functional communication and leadership style. By fully committing to the projects and learning from both my peers and mentors, I know I can build the confidence, adaptability, and sharp business literacy required to hit the ground running in either field after graduation.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Graphic design (Adobe Creative Cloud, Sketch, ProCreate, etc), Web design, Data analysis, Social media management, Python, R, Design Thinking, Microsoft Office Suite", "accommodations": "n/a", "other": "n/a", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a38_7989d3e7", "timestamp": "9/2/2026 14:33:12", "name": "Jake Dalessio", "email": "jakedalessio@ufl.edu", "phone": "914-255-7430", "gender": "Male", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/jake-dalessio-044148231/", "resume": "", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "4", "whyRem": "In high school, I served my community for over 500 hours whereas the graduation requirement was only 100 hours. I find so much enjoyment and satisfaction from giving to others, helping others, and seeing others prosper. When I heard about Rem and how it helps REAL companies and REAL people, I was ecstatic. The fact that I can have a real impact on someone and help them with their business is so beautiful. My goal is to selflessly serve whichever individual and company I can to help them to the best of my ability. Their business is my business, and I'd love to establish a lasting professional relationship with my client. Eventually if I can climb to Team Lead and even further, I would very much be interested in that so I can help and mentor and give back to more aspiring Rem members.", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "As mentioned earlier, in high school I served my community for over 500 hours whereas the graduation requirement was merely 100 hours. The community value stands out because I understand how our consulting services at Rem genuinely help our clients. I believe this connects to my professional journey because as I pursue Wealth Management, client relationships are incredibly important and the idea of servitude and doing whatever possible for your client, I want to nurture these skills early to enhance them.  ", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Wealth Management", "howRemHelps": "Wealth management is heavily reliant on client relationships, trust, and servitude. I know how with Rem we get to nurture a client relationship with trust and through service. It's genuinely perfect practice and execution for my career goal of building trusting, lasting, powerful relationships with ultra-high net worth clients.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist, Consulting Strategist, Team Lead", "skills": "Business Strategy, Data analysis, Marketing and analytics, Social media management, Finance and accounting, Microsoft Office Suite, Public Speaking", "accommodations": "N/A", "other": "In the question \"Please check the position(s) you are applying for\", I selected all of them, but I meant that in a way where I'd pursue them throughout my time in Rem. I cannot immediately jump to Team Lead. My goal is to start as a junior strategist or strategist and eventually move my way up through strong service and passion!", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a39_5c3e4981", "timestamp": "9/2/2026 15:44:56", "name": "Reinaldo Vilchez ", "email": "vilchezreinaldo@ufl.edu", "phone": "3054641779", "gender": "Male", "race": "Hispanic or Latino", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/reinaldo-vilchez-46ba81348/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1tKNV3EmKfTJNWPiB_HplxcaWWpe8S-wl", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2027", "classYear": "Senior", "major": "Business Administration", "minor": "Business Administration, Other", "gpa": "3.58", "whyRem": "I want to join Rem on Campus to work with real clients and see how small businesses actually grow. That's exactly what I need for my goal of one day starting my own machinery sales company since selling well means understanding what a business really needs. I already have some hands-on business experience from my externship with Beats by Dre and my procurement role at Gourmand but I want more real client-facing work and Rem is the right place to get it.", "coreValue": "Empathy", "valueEssay": "Empathy stands out to me the most. I've always believed that listening to people carefully before jumping in with my own opinion is the best way to actually understand someone. This started with my family and friends, where I learned that people open up more and trust you more when they feel truly heard. I try to carry that same mindset into my professional life, since understanding what a client or a business really needs before offering a solution makes all the difference. That's part of why I'm drawn to Rem on Campus, since consulting for small businesses starts with listening to their challenges before jumping into strategy.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Marketing, Brand Strategy, Tech, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Entrepreneurship / Startups", "howRemHelps": "Joining Rem on Campus will give me the chance to practice talking with real clients, which is something I can't fully get from a classroom. Every conversation with a small business is a chance to practice selling and negotiating, since I'll need to understand their needs, explain my ideas clearly, and get them on board with a solution. That's exactly the kind of practice I need for my goal of one day starting my own machinery sales company. Building those skills now, in a real setting, will help me walk into that future with more confidence and experience.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Data analysis, Marketing and analytics, Videography, Photography, Python, Brand Development", "accommodations": "No ", "other": "When can I start? ", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a40_8dd93674", "timestamp": "9/2/2026 15:54:50", "name": "Alex Gerstenfeld", "email": "agerstenfeld@ufl.edu", "phone": "7329155279", "gender": "Male", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/alex-gerstenfeld-456b7b423/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1qdRSYFPcFrFU8VkPWflChD6ItdjOvLja", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Computer Science / Information Systems", "minor": "", "gpa": "N/A (First semester freshman)", "whyRem": "Based on my childhood choice of video games, I knew consulting was a career that fit me perfectly. I always loved factory games, where players have to find bottlenecks in cluttered systems and redesign them. To me, consulting sounded like a similar task. REM is an organization where I can gain experience in the field while pushing local businesses to succeed. Having the ability to help change a small business owner\u2019s life is something I can only do in REM. REM also opens up countless opportunities by connecting me with potential future employers and mentors. Additionally, I hope to gain a new network of not just colleagues, but close friends. In the process, I\u2019m looking to build my teamwork, communication, and problem-solving skills through my work so that I can become the best analyst I can be. I want to continue to learn about consulting and improve on my skills, while helping to push as many businesses as I can to grow and prosper, and REM is where I can do both.", "coreValue": "Intellectual Growth", "valueEssay": "Out of these five values, intellectual growth is the most important to me. Without intellectual growth, society would stop persistently trying to learn more, and as a result, technology, businesses, and communities would stagnate and innovation would cease. This value resonates with me, as I have always had an urge to learn and expand my horizons. In High School, I was part of a specialized program that taught students multiple coding languages. I decided to join this program because I wanted to expand my skillset and knowledge. I had to work for countless hours to even develop a working proficiency in some languages. As a result, I developed a myriad of new skills that I could use to benefit those around me. For example, I coded a fully-functional booking system for my friend\u2019s small business. I\u2019m looking to pursue a similar course of action. My goal is to continue to intellectually grow and learn about consulting, analytics, and decision-making, so that I\u2019m able to help other businesses grow and succeed.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Tech, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Product Management", "howRemHelps": "\nTo break into any of the industries I selected, applicants need knowledge, connections, and skill. REM can help me achieve all three. First, REM on Campus is a massive organization spanning across many college campuses, and is a part of the global giant REM and Company. REM\u2019s size leads to members working at hundreds of prestigious firms. These members are invaluable connections to huge companies I would be fortunate to work for after I graduate. In REM, I\u2019d also connect with older students that are on a path similar to mine that could possibly help me secure an internship or job later. Second, the knowledge I\u2019d gain about the consulting, analytics, and tech industries from doing hands-on work with businesses would be unmatched. I\u2019d begin to understand which implementations can solve certain problems and which can\u2019t. I\u2019d be prepared for any future case interviews I would have to partake in. Third, I\u2019d develop some of the most valuable skills employers look for: teamwork and communication. By working with a team on every project, I\u2019d learn to communicate in a professional setting with those of different backgrounds and with different opinions. This would prepare me to work in a team on a larger scale in a potential future endeavor. Overall, REM would be one of my most powerful assets towards my future career goals.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Back-end web development, Web design, HTML", "accommodations": "N/A", "other": "N/A", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [{"timestamp": "2026-09-03T18:20:55.225000", "spokeTo": "Christian, Terrence, Lexi, Isabella, Kyle"}], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a41_84f69be7", "timestamp": "9/2/2026 16:00:59", "name": "Vance Byrd", "email": "vancebyrd@ufl.edu", "phone": "2394009036", "gender": "Male", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/vance-byrd-897b693ba/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ywyNSUC3ntEFQ3VYDhlR_ZdDV5RqHTgm", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Business Administration", "minor": "", "gpa": "I am a freshman. My high school GPA was 3.98 unweighted.", "whyRem": "I would love to be a member of Rem on Campus because I believe it would be an incredible opportunity to expand my knowledge and develop skills across different areas of the business world. I am especially interested in gaining experience with networking, teamwork, problem-solving, and personal growth while working with others to help real clients.\n\nMy interest in consulting comes from experiences I have already had. Through Model United Nations, I spent years tackling complex global problems, considering different perspectives, working with a team, and presenting solutions. I loved the challenge of taking a complicated issue and figuring out how to approach it, and I was fortunate enough to receive multiple awards at competitive conferences. I also interned at my family's construction business, where I was able to see the day-to-day challenges of running a business and experience everything from project coordination and administrative work to seeing how decisions affect real projects and clients.\n\nBeyond the professional experience, I am excited about the community Rem on Campus offers. I am a very social person, and I want to become more involved at UF, meet new people, and surround myself with students who are motivated to improve themselves. I also want to eventually use what I learn to give back to my community. I believe Rem on Campus would be a great place for me to challenge myself, build meaningful relationships, and gain experiences that will help me grow both personally and professionally, regardless of the career path I ultimately pursue.", "coreValue": "Intellectual Growth", "valueEssay": "Intellectual growth stands out to me because I believe some of the most valuable skills you can develop come from constantly challenging yourself to learn something new. As a freshman, I think learning is one of the most important things I can focus on right now, and I want to take advantage of opportunities that push me outside of my comfort zone and allow me to learn from people with different experiences and perspectives.\n\nI experienced this throughout my time in Model United Nations. Every conference required me to learn about issues I was not already familiar with, research different perspectives, evaluate information, and work with new people to develop solutions. I also led training sessions for other students in research, public speaking, debate, and collaborative problem-solving, which pushed me to understand concepts well enough to explain them to others. Those experiences taught me that growth comes from being willing to ask questions, adapt your thinking, and learn from the people around you.\n\nThat is one of the reasons I am interested in Rem on Campus. I see consulting as an opportunity to continue developing my business knowledge while learning how to approach problems from different perspectives, communicate effectively, and create solutions that help real people and businesses. Making an impact through the work I do is important to me, and I believe developing a strong foundation of intellectual growth will help me make a greater impact in the future.\n", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance, Marketing, Brand Strategy, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Entrepreneurship / Startups, Product Management, Undecided / Exploring Options", "howRemHelps": "As a freshman, I am still exploring different career paths, which is why I selected several areas that interest me. However, I believe consulting provides skills that can be valuable across almost any career. Strong problem-solving, communication, analytical, and interpersonal skills are useful whether I eventually pursue consulting, finance, entrepreneurship, or another area of business.\n\nWhat especially interests me about Rem on Campus is the opportunity to gain tangible experience by working with real businesses and understanding the challenges they face. My experience at my family's construction business showed me that running a business involves much more than having a good idea. There are constantly problems to solve, decisions to make, and different priorities to balance. Being able to learn from real business owners and understand both their successes and struggles would give me a perspective that I cannot get from a classroom alone. My experience leading Young Investors Society also taught me how much I enjoy analyzing information, making decisions, and helping others develop their own understanding of business and investing.\n\nI also want to surround myself with driven, like-minded people who will challenge me to keep improving. I believe Rem on Campus would give me the experience, relationships, and foundation to explore my interests while developing skills I can carry into whatever career I ultimately choose.\n", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Statistics and modelling, Web design, Data analysis, Marketing and analytics, Social media management, Finance and accounting, Communications and copy-writing, Design Thinking", "accommodations": "", "other": "", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [{"timestamp": "2026-09-01T16:09:43.038000", "spokeTo": "Christian, Adam, Eli"}], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a42_482869d4", "timestamp": "9/2/2026 16:39:31", "name": "Lydia Day", "email": "lydia.day@ufl.edu", "phone": "8504019981", "gender": "Female", "race": "Asian or Asian American", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/lydia-day-76a82a289/ ", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1og1h8d6Kd-8hMliMOiUPBq7nbBg7A3cv", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Advertising", "minor": "Other", "gpa": "3.87", "whyRem": "I want to be a member of Rem on Campus because I am looking to get more involved in the Gainesville community beyond just classes. I have experience from high school working with local organizations in my hometown community. For these organizations, I helped run their social media and promote their mission and values at outreach events. Similarily, I am interested in helping Gainesville organizations, but with more of the business focus in order to develop my skills in business and deepen my strategic communication skills. ", "coreValue": "Empathy", "valueEssay": "Empathy stands out to me because it is a quality that I have developed throughout my whole life. I was born with a bilateral arm limb difference, so I have always tried to put myself in other people's shoes because I always appreciate when people approach me with empathy. Having this skill has also helped me in my professional journey, not just my personal one. I have been able to collaborate with teammates, connect with professionals, and problem-solve more effectively by keeping empathy in mind. ", "careerInterests": "Marketing, Brand Strategy, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Product Management, Non-Profit / Social Impact, Undecided / Exploring Options", "howRemHelps": "I believe joining Rem on Campus will help me achieve my career goals because working directly with Gainesville organizations to build their brands and businesses requires these skills. One of the main skills I hope to get out of Rem on Campus is developing strategic communication. Part of strategic communication is having a plan of action to promote specific program values to create a certain outcome. By gaining hands-on experience working with businesses, I will be able to develop this skill and expand my other skills in partnership and communication.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Photography, Social media management, Brand Development", "accommodations": "N/A", "other": "Last week, I switched my major from Environmental Science to Advertising, which is why my LinkedIn profile may not have that updated information. ", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a43_6ada3662", "timestamp": "9/2/2026 18:59:44", "name": "Sarah Yan", "email": "sarah.yan@ufl.edu", "phone": "3527271237", "gender": "Female", "race": "Asian or Asian American", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/sarahyan1", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1xK9-ZOVqHfumj16iQHqwnfHMC4SrEvkY", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.89", "whyRem": "I am interested in joining REM because I want to be involved in a group of like-minded individuals with the same interests and goals as me. There are so many sectors of finance to explore, and I feel like consulting is definitely one of the ones I am most interested in. I hope to gain the knowledge and experience necessary for interviews and internships, which I\u2019ve learned a lot about through the recruitment events. In return, I can bring experience in problem-solving and teaching people who may be unfamiliar with certain concepts. For example, in high school, I was involved in the Special Olympics organization, where I brought my experience in tennis to children who had mental or physical disabilities that affected their learning process. I had to experiment with different teaching techniques to find one that was most effective, and I believe I can translate these skills into REM. ", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "Community is a value that stands out to me because I think it's the most important thing that one can have. I am who I am today as a result of the communities that have surrounded me in my life, and I think that goes for a lot of people. In my personal life, one of the biggest communities I had was my tennis community, especially through Special Olympics. I bonded with so many people of all different abilities and talents, and the diversity within our community is what made it so uplifting. So many people I've met through Special Olympics have shaped me into who I am today, and I know I've been a part of a community that has changed other people's lives. As a Gainesville native, I've also had a chance to interact with many of the small businesses in our town and their communities. For example, I worked at Volcanic Sushi + Sake, a local sushi restaurant, from my sophomore year in high school to now, my freshman year in college. The community of people I've met there has shaped my professional journey in countless ways, and the skills I've learned within my community have helped my professional development.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance, Tech, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Entrepreneurship / Startups, Non-Profit / Social Impact", "howRemHelps": "I believe Rem on Campus will help me achieve my career goals by equipping me with the skills necessary to stand out in these positions. The hands-on experience that Rem brings through local small businesses will not only prepare me for working with bigger companies in the future, but also with professional communication, which is necessary in all of the career goals I selected. Rem allows students to apply what they know instead of just learning passively, which is essential for my career goals.", "position": "Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Graphic design (Adobe Creative Cloud, Sketch, ProCreate, etc), Business Strategy, Statistics and modelling, Marketing and analytics, Videography, Photography, Social media management, Finance and accounting, Microsoft Office Suite, Ads (Facebook/Instagram)", "accommodations": "", "other": "", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a44_623eb86c", "timestamp": "9/2/2026 19:26:09", "name": "Matt Goodman", "email": "matthewgoodman@ufl.edu", "phone": "4846785269", "gender": "Male", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/matt-goodman-842728399", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ANJi7nuQA7Cyha5TvZivOZBPFFgqTp4a", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.93", "whyRem": "Rem will provide me with the perfect opportunity to further develop my passion for consulting using real client work with actual businesses, as well as technical and development assistance from other experienced student members. The mission of Rem on Campus, creating an actual impact on local small businesses, is something that I am passionate about and have already begun to do. I believe that I will bring my skills as an emotionally intelligent leader and power to efficiently and confidently communicate with the Rem strategist team. I have already begun to develop my leadership in the business world by working as a data analyst and learning as a mentee through FLA, as well as putting the leadership into practice this past summer working as a math teacher at a local charter school. Through Rem, I hope to apply this leadership and further develop skills necessary for consulting success through learning from team leads and successes and failures from working on real tasks with client companies. Rem offers me the perfect platform to grow as a leader and put my passion for consulting and community service into practice.", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "Community stands out to me because I have seen firsthand how a strong sense of belonging can turn individual accomplishments into shared successes.\nDuring my time as a math instructor at a charter school in Wilmington, Delaware, I taught algebra and precalculus to over 100 high school students recovering credits from previously failed courses while supervising volunteer tutors. I leveraged my role to take charge of creating an end-of-summer showcase to give students an opportunity to celebrate their progress with their families. Recognizing that students took pride in different areas, I tailored the event to highlight their individual achievements. Math and science students presented projects; theater students performed; culinary students displayed their dishes, and the day concluded with a student-versus-staff kickball game. Students were excited to showcase their accomplishments, while parents came to the school to see firsthand the progress their children had made. \nWitnessing the shared joy and pride between our staff, the students, and their families showed me that achievement becomes even more meaningful when it is shared and celebrated by a community. Many of the students had entered the summer after experiencing academic setbacks, but the showcase gave them the opportunity to be recognized not for their past struggles, but for what they had accomplished.\nThat experience shaped the way I think about community. To me, community is more than simply being part of a group; it means creating an environment where people feel supported, valued, and invested in one another\u2019s success. Whether in the classroom or in a professional setting, I want to contribute to communities where people with different strengths and experiences can learn from one another and take pride in what they accomplish together. That is why community resonates most strongly with me among Rem and Company\u2019s core values.\n", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance", "howRemHelps": "While consulting stands as my top choice for my desired career path, I still have not ruled out other paths in the business world, like those in wealth management/finance.\nFor my goal of consulting, the REM strategist structure will give me a key opportunity to develop skills that are difficult to gain solely in the classroom. Working through open-ended client problems would strengthen my ability to analyze information, structure and dissect ambiguous problems, communicate recommendations, and collaborate with a team toward a practical solution. Just as importantly, receiving feedback from team leads and interacting with actual clients would help me become more confident presenting ideas and interacting with executives and higher-ups in the business world.\nThese experiences would also translate well to a career in finance. Both consulting and finance require strong analytical thinking, attention to detail, communication, and the ability to understand how businesses make decisions. Exposure to different companies and their challenges would allow me to better understand how factors such as strategy and operations affect finances, as well as learning what the best solutions are keeping margins in mind.\nUltimately, I see REM as an opportunity not only to prepare myself for consulting, but also to build a versatile business skill set and gain the experience necessary to make a more informed decision about my long-term career path.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist, Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Statistics and modelling, Data analysis, Finance and accounting, Microsoft Office Suite", "accommodations": "", "other": "", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [{"timestamp": "2026-09-03T18:00:08.073000", "spokeTo": "Eli Koon"}], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a45_fc728345", "timestamp": "9/2/2026 21:37:19", "name": "Sabrina Dong", "email": "sabrina.dong@ufl.edu", "phone": "2397446211", "gender": "Female", "race": "Asian or Asian American", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/sabrinaadong", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1k719wcAc3VgfwZ61PKGuHYQPKdwiRxdp", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Business Administration", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.5", "whyRem": "I have always been someone who asks, \u201cWhy?\u201d Why do people make certain decisions? What makes one solution better than another? And, most importantly, how can I better understand the world around me? I truly enjoy learning and am constantly looking for opportunities to challenge myself and grow. I have learned that some of my greatest growth comes from being around people who think differently than I do and pushing myself outside of what is comfortable. That is what draws me to Rem. I want to be part of a community where I can learn from others, challenge my own thinking, and grow alongside people who are just as curious and driven. I would bring that same curiosity, hard work, and authenticity to Rem on Campus. I take what I do seriously, but I also value the people, relationships, and experiences that make the journey meaningful. ", "coreValue": "Resilience", "valueEssay": "Resilience is the core value that resonates with me most because I believe growth is not about being the smartest person in the room; it is about being willing to keep learning when you are not. Everyone starts from a different place and grows at a different pace, and I have learned not to compare my progress to the people around me. There have been times when I have felt behind or unsure of myself, but instead of letting that discourage me, I use it as motivation to work harder, ask questions, and improve. To me, resilience means being willing to keep showing up, even when something does not come naturally or success does not happen immediately. Hard work and persistence can't guarantee that I will be the best, but they took me farther than I expected every time. I value resilience because it reminds me that growth is not about how quickly you get there, but your willingness to keep moving forward.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Marketing", "howRemHelps": "Joining Rem would help me build the skills I hope to use in both consulting and marketing. I am especially interested in learning how to understand a client\u2019s needs, communicate ideas clearly, and build relationships that create trust. I believe strong solutions are not just about having the right answer, but understanding the people you are working with and knowing how to effectively communicate and convey that answer. Through Rem, I hope to become more confident in persuasion, problem-solving, and working hands-on with clients while learning how to adapt my communication to different people and situations. These are skills I can carry into both consulting and marketing, where understanding people and the environment is just as important as understanding the problem. I see Rem as an opportunity to develop these skills through real experiences while gaining a better understanding of the type of professional I want to become.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Graphic design (Adobe Creative Cloud, Sketch, ProCreate, etc), Marketing and analytics, Photography, Social media management, Communications and copy-writing, Microsoft Office Suite", "accommodations": "N/A", "other": "Something I hope comes across throughout my application is that I genuinely care about the people I work with. I take my commitments seriously and always want to do my best, but I also believe the relationships you build along the way are just as important. I do not expect myself to know everything, but I always expect myself to keep learning. I will always be willing to put in the work, grow from every experience, and show up for the people around me.", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [{"timestamp": "2026-09-01T15:03:13.788000", "spokeTo": "Cristi"}], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a46_59a0f88e", "timestamp": "9/2/2026 21:53:22", "name": "Olivia Shar", "email": "oshar@ufl.edu", "phone": "9176991511", "gender": "Female", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/olivia-shar/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1DFeWfZzaBoX7ODOK1Uurc1lGs6pOFQVe", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Finance", "minor": "Other", "gpa": "N/A (freshman)", "whyRem": "I want to join REM on Campus because I'm really interested in working with actual organizations, solving real problems, and getting exposure to consulting. I enjoy analytical work but I love the people side of business (like talking to others, understanding what they need, and working through problems with them). I've realized that I'm very engaged when I combine analysis with communication, and REM would give me the opportunity to do that further with hands-on projects. It would also allow me to work alongside students with similar interests.", "coreValue": "Intellectual Growth", "valueEssay": "Intellectual growth stands out to me because I'm happiest when I'm learning something I didn't understand before and then figuring out how to actually apply it. I've found that I'm drawn to situations where there is a steep learning curve and where I have to ask a lot of questions and learn from people around me. I've experienced this within my professional journey during my internship at Lowy. There, I was exposed to financial modeling and investment analysis that was all very new to me and I liked having to work through unfamiliar concepts until I could contribute. I also interestingly enjoyed being uncomfortable in not knowing as much as others there, because it pushed me to ask better questions and learn more at a faster rate.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance, Entrepreneurship / Startups, Undecided / Exploring Options", "howRemHelps": "It would help me achieve my career goals by giving me hands-on experience solving real problems for organizations. It would also build both my analytical and communication skills. Since I'm exploring consulting and finance, I think working on projects with actual clients would help me better understand what type of work I enjoy and where my strengths fit best. I'm especially interested in gaining experience communicating with clients directly and working through problems. Collaborating with a team to work on finding solutions also excites me. REM would also help me see what consulting actually looks like and give me a better sense of whether I want to pursue it long term.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Graphic design (Adobe Creative Cloud, Sketch, ProCreate, etc), Business Strategy, Data analysis, Marketing and analytics, Photography, Social media management, Finance and accounting, Microsoft Office Suite, E-commerce, Brand Development", "accommodations": "N/A", "other": "N/A", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [{"timestamp": "2026-09-03T17:31:51.620000", "spokeTo": "Adam, Hannah, Lexi, Ollie, Robert, Brody"}], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a47_8388fe9b", "timestamp": "9/2/2026 23:52:10", "name": "Luke Corbin ", "email": "lukecorbin50@gmail.com", "phone": "5167137370", "gender": "Male", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/luke-tyler-corbin?utm_source=share_via&utm_content=profile&utm_medium=member_ios", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1RNmlXdMChLXieIDEVVrA2geg-FCRWx4J", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2028", "classYear": "Junior", "major": "Finance", "minor": "Other", "gpa": "3.2", "whyRem": "I want to be a member of REM on Campus because I\u2019m interested in gaining more exposure to the real estate industry and connecting with other students who share that interest. As a finance major, I think REM would give me the opportunity to learn more about real estate investing, development, and different career paths within the industry. I also want to build relationships with professionals and other members while becoming more involved on campus. Most importantly, I\u2019m excited to learn, contribute to the organization, and gain experience that will help me in my future career.", "coreValue": "Innovation", "valueEssay": "Innovation stands out to me because I believe growth comes from being willing to think differently and look for better ways to solve problems. Whether in school, my past work experiences, or my involvement in different organizations, I\u2019ve always enjoyed finding new approaches instead of simply doing things the way they have always been done. As a finance student, innovation is especially important to me because industries like finance and real estate are constantly changing. I want to continue developing a mindset that allows me to adapt, think creatively, and bring new ideas to the people and organizations I work with.", "careerInterests": "Investment Banking / Finance, Entrepreneurship / Startups", "howRemHelps": "Joining REM on Campus would help me achieve my career goals by giving me more exposure to the finance and business world outside of the classroom. I\u2019m interested in pursuing a career in investment banking or finance, while also having an interest in startups and entrepreneurship. REM would give me the opportunity to learn from professionals, connect with students who have similar goals, and gain a better understanding of different industries and career paths. I also think being surrounded by motivated and ambitious people would push me to grow professionally and help me build skills and relationships that will be valuable throughout my career.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Web design, Data analysis, Marketing and analytics, Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Social media management, Finance and accounting, Microsoft Office Suite, E-commerce, Brand Development", "accommodations": "No!", "other": "I would just add that I\u2019m someone who is always looking for opportunities to learn and challenge myself. I\u2019m excited to gain hands-on experience, meet people with different perspectives, and contribute wherever I can. I\u2019m very motivated when it comes to my career, and I believe REM would be a great opportunity for me to continue developing both personally and professionally.", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a48_8fc90a9f", "timestamp": "9/2/2026 2:02:44", "name": "Calvin Zou", "email": "calvinzou08@gmail.com", "phone": "908-274-6836", "gender": "Male", "race": "Asian or Asian American", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/calvin-zou", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1f8Gj2iVNXQUfGt7Ia4ALtTMk8etmRI4H", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "N/A for College 4.9/5.3 for Highschool", "whyRem": "There are two main reasons why I want to be part of Rem On Campus. The first one is a bit basic, but I want more team-building experience and to join a community of people who have similar interests as me. I also want to branch out and learn more about completely different businesses so I can become more versatile and be able to adapt to different situations in the future.\n\nThe second reason is a bit more personal to me. I really like the idea of helping out small businesses and organizations. Where I\u2019m from in Warren, New Jersey, we have a local farm called Wagner Farm. The farm has been in an ongoing battle with the town\u2019s planning committee over plans to shut it down and build townhomes.  did not really think much of it, but during the summer after my freshman year they had a volunteering opportunity at the farm. I needed community service hours, so I decided to go. Volunteering there ended up being an amazing experience. I learned how to plant crops and stakes, package goods, manage composting bins, top off soil, and basically do a lot of the work a farmhand would do. It was really cool getting to learn things I probably would have never experienced otherwise.The best part, though, was the people. Wagner Farm has been passed down for multiple generations, and seeing how dedicated the farmers were to keeping it going was genuinely inspiring. I saw how hard they worked, and it was also clear that they were not just doing it for money. Around 50% of the produce from the farm is donated to people in need. Seeing people be that passionate about something while also doing something good for the community really stuck with me.\n\nThat is one of the biggest reasons why Rem On Campus interests me. Like you guys mentioned during the info session, for some small businesses and organizations, this is their livelihood and a mission they really care about. Back then, I could only really help Wagner Farm through physical labor. With Rem On Campus, I hope I can build the skills to help organizations like these in a bigger and more meaningful way.\nP.S they have been fighting a legal battle for like over 4 years about this(link to website: https://conservationwarren.org/history/)", "coreValue": "Resilience", "valueEssay": "Resilience stands out to me because I think a lot of growth comes from being able to adapt when things do not go as planned. I see this through a lot of people in my life, whether it is the farmers at Wagner Farm working hard to keep their farm from being torn down or my parents immigrating from a completely different continent, China, and starting a new life. All of them had to adapt in order to continue surviving and growing, whether that meant becoming the people they are today or keeping something they care deeply about alive.\n\nIn my own professional journey, I experienced this through the clubs I was involved in during high school, especially when it came to fundraising. As treasurer of my computer science club, I was rejected multiple times by businesses when asking them to sponsor our annual event. My first year as treasurer, though I do not like to admit it, was pretty abysmal. We only had around 15 attendees, and I managed to raise just $150, nowhere near enough for what we wanted the event to be. However, I was given another chance the next year and did not want to repeat the same mistakes. I changed my approach, looked at what did not work the year before, and became much more persistent when reaching out to businesses. By my senior year, I was able to raise over $1,000 and help bring in a record 65 attendees. \n\nThis idea of failure and growth is really cliche but if I just gave up I would have never seen the highs. Resilience is one of the important traits anyone can have when it comes to succeeding.\n", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Non-Profit / Social Impact", "howRemHelps": "Rem On Campus will help me achieve my career goals because all the fields I chose require strong problem-solving, communication, adaptability, and analytical skills. At Rem, being placed in unfamiliar situations will force me to become more resilient and comfortable with challenges. I will have to build the confidence and ability to research unfamiliar situations deeply and figure out how to approach them. I will also have the opportunity to work with different people, approach real-life problems from multiple perspectives, and learn how to turn ideas and information into actual solutions. Whatever I eventually choose to pursue, I believe these experiences will help me become someone who can adapt quickly, think critically, and contribute to a team even when I do not immediately know the answer.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Statistics and modelling, Web design, Data analysis, Marketing and analytics, Photography, Python, Design Thinking, Machine Learning", "accommodations": "No", "other": "\nI am fluent in Chinese so I can help gain \"trust\" by speaking a native language for some clients that this skill applies to. I also have some experience running a small business through my friend's watch making business. A lot of my high school EC's had me planning and developing then executing fundraisers, events, etc. so I have some experience in those departments.", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [{"timestamp": "2026-09-03T18:56:59.156000", "spokeTo": "Max, Eli, Terren"}], "infoSession": {"timestamp": "2026-09-02T00:21:30.129000", "session": "09/01", "appliedBefore": "No"}, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a49_b672061d", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 10:39:21", "name": "Erik Nanaj", "email": "nanajerik@gmail.com", "phone": "9146895335", "gender": "Male", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/feed/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1LqrEtse44v4OCsv0Thu94I9hdU5jWo0d", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Business Administration", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.82", "whyRem": "I want to be a member of Rem on Campus to test out a new career I believe I have a passion for, and I believe the community is something to be fond of. I came into school as an exploratory student; now, I am majoring in Business Administration partially because of its versatility, and because I enjoy the communication, teamwork, and administrative aspects of work. One of the most important things I have learned in college is to try everything I can, and I strongly believe that the foundations of consulting, such as problem-solving, are areas where I excel. I want to join Rem because I want to test out if this is a possible career track for me in the future. I am excited for the opportunity to be around other eager students, as I think that will push me to perform even better. Additionally, I will get the opportunity to apply what I have learned in my business classes to something in the real world with local communities. Ultimately, I hope to walk away from Rem with a sharper analytical thinking and a clear vision of my professional future.", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "The value I have chosen is community. I believe it is the basis of all my personal and professional dream. The idea of urban development, mass transportation, and walkable spaces comes from my conviction that there is an intimate connection between the physical structures we design and the power of the communities that reside within them. During my time at university, where I study business and am considering doing urban planning and real estate, I have been extra focused on learning how to construct, finance, and govern the types of spaces which will bring people together, not tear them apart. In my personal experience, the dedication to building community is what has been motivating me. The organization of a charity basketball game for the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society showed me how important a communal cause can be in unifying an entire neighborhood and making an impact. In more recent times, taking on the position of Assistant Director of Projects for The Big Event and organizing community 5K fundraisers made me understand the value of constructing a community through service work. Whether I try to improve urban infrastructure or motivate my fellow students to take action for a good cause, I am very certain that putting a community first is the best way to achieve anything.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Non-Profit / Social Impact, Public Policy / Government, Law, Undecided / Exploring Options", "howRemHelps": "White I selected such fields as law, non-profit, public policy, the most accurate choice in my case is undecided. I am still trying to figure out what I would like to do when I graduate. The reason why I find consulting so attractive and why I am interested in Rem on Campus is because it is multidisciplinary. This nature of consulting allows me to do what I like doing the most: solve different kinds of problems. Consulting does not require choosing any industry, and I have to analyze a company from operational, legal and community perspectives, which fits my style of learning. Being an active member of Rem on Campus would help me test myself in a new field and apply my diverse knowledge gained during my studies in solving various problems of small companies. Therefore, it is an amazing environment where I could explore different industries and understand what kinds of problems I like solving. By the end of my time at Rem, I would hope to have decided on what to pursue further in my life, with the lessons I get here being the reason for that decision. ", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Microsoft Office Suite", "accommodations": "", "other": "", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a50_8431e9a0", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 10:56:04", "name": "Conrad Taube", "email": "ctaube@ufl.edu", "phone": "7027882705", "gender": "Male", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/conrad-taube-104555354", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1u6eRuMxXnJWv2eE1F4Fte97qo3Vp8rLD", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Marketing", "minor": "Other", "gpa": "4.56 (In HS, no GPA yet because I am a first year)", "whyRem": "I want to become a member of REM on campus because I believe that helping small businesses grow is extremely important, especially when they might not have the resources to pay for professional consulting. Currently, I work with small businesses in my own company, specifically in the contracting and remodeling niche. So seeing the growth that these people can have is extremely fulfilling. And also working with local businesses allows you to see the impact you make, which is an extremely rewarding process.", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "I believe that community is extremely important in two ways. One, the community that's within REM is extremely important because it's a place where there's like-minded people, where everyone will help each other grow and succeed. When you have a group of like-minded people who are pushing and striving for the same goal, it inspires you to work even harder. The second part about community is the local community. I believe that REM will help the local community in Gainesville really flourish and allow local small businesses to grow even more than what they ever thought was possible.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Marketing, Brand Strategy, Entrepreneurship / Startups", "howRemHelps": "I believe joining REM on campus will help me achieve my career goals above because it dips my toes in the waters of my career goals and allows me to see what aspects of business I like, what aspects of business I don't like, and maybe even see some unexpected areas that I wasn't expecting to like or be talented in. But I see more talent in those areas and introduce me to more areas of business. So I think having a well-rounded approach is extremely important and will help me improve in my career goals, skills, as well as opportunities in the future.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Graphic design (Adobe Creative Cloud, Sketch, ProCreate, etc), Business Strategy, Back-end web development, Web design, Marketing and analytics, Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Videography, Photography, Social media management, Communications and copy-writing, HTML, Python, Ads (Facebook/Instagram)", "accommodations": "N/A", "other": "I have a good amount of experience running meta ads and client acquisition systems with back-end web development and front-end design for remodelers. I really enjoy the process of working with local businesses and helping them expand and grow beyond the capabilities that they ever thought was possible. It's an extremely rewarding process. Throughout my time, I've been able to work with numerous remodelers currently and in the past. Helping them grow their businesses is extremely cool to see. It means more with a local company than it does with a big corporate company. That's why I think it's so important for myself to be a part of an organization like this.", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [{"timestamp": "2026-09-03T15:47:34.989000", "spokeTo": "Adam K. VP Consulting"}], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a51_9b7c21ec", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 12:34:37", "name": "Yvette Deng ", "email": "yiwendeng@ufl.edu", "phone": "3528100881", "gender": "Female", "race": "Asian or Asian American", "linkedin": "NA", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Rv8idBUgkGc0LPOYt-MpUo_hlQ2KYH4B", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2026", "classYear": "Senior", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "NA", "whyRem": "As an international student who recently arrived in Gainesville, I do not want my understanding of business to remain inside the classroom. I have noticed how closely the city\u2019s caf\u00e9s, restaurants, independent stores, and service businesses are connected to both UF students and long-term residents. I am especially interested in how these businesses differentiate themselves, respond to demand changes throughout the academic year, and use their digital presence to turn first-time visitors into returning customers. I would like to contribute through customer and competitor research and help turn those findings into recommendations an owner can realistically use.\n\nAs a first-year student without formal consulting experience, I am not expecting to enter already knowing how to solve a client\u2019s problem. I want to learn the process carefully, take ownership of a workstream, and gradually become confident enough to communicate directly with clients and eventually guide others.\n\nDebate and Model United Nations taught me how to research complicated issues, compare possible solutions, and develop proposals under uncertainty. However, those solutions usually ended as speeches or simulations. Rem would challenge me to take the next step through producing work that affects a real business and its community. I want my own learning to contribute to someone else\u2019s progress.", "coreValue": "Empathy", "valueEssay": "Empathy stands out to me because I learned that understanding someone should come before trying to solve their problem. As a peer listener at UWC Norway, I once began suggesting ways a student could handle a difficult situation, but their short responses made me realize I was moving too quickly. When I stopped offering advice and asked what they needed from me, they explained that they mainly wanted to speak without feeling judged. That conversation taught me that helping someone begins with listening rather than assuming I already understand.\n\nI believe empathy is equally important in consulting. A small-business owner might describe the problem as low sales, but the deeper challenge could involve limited resources or an unclear target audience. Recommending a solution without understanding the owner\u2019s circumstances could result in an impressive presentation that the client cannot realistically use.\n\nEmpathy would also make me a better teammate. Having studied with student from 90 different country, I know that people may communicate, organize their work, or respond to disagreement differently. Rather than dismissing an approach I do not immediately understand, I try to ask questions and find a way of working that uses everyone\u2019s strengths. As I explore strategy and marketing, I want to combine this mindset with research so I can contribute recommendations that are thoughtful, practical, and responsible.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance, Marketing", "howRemHelps": "As a first-year student, I do not want to choose a career based only on job descriptions or what I have heard from other people. I want to understand these fields by doing work that resembles what professionals actually do. Rem would give me that opportunity through real client projects.\n\nConsulting is currently my strongest interest because I enjoy examining an unfamiliar problem, organizing information, and helping a team develop a recommendation. At the same time, I am interested in how finance and marketing contribute to that process. Depending on a client\u2019s needs, I could explore questions involving costs, revenue, competitors, customer behavior, or digital strategy. Seeing how these areas connect within one project would help me identify which type of work I find most meaningful.\n\nRem would also help me build skills that are valuable across all three career paths, including structuring an unclear problem, creating data-supported deliverables, communicating with clients, and presenting recommendations confidently. As I progress from Learning to Applying and potentially Leading, I would gain both greater responsibility and a clearer understanding of my professional strengths. By the time I apply for internships, I hope to have more than an interest in these careers but also to have real project experiences that show why I am prepared to pursue them.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Web design, Data analysis, Marketing and analytics, Videography, Photography, Social media management, Finance and accounting, Microsoft Office Suite, Ads (Facebook/Instagram)", "accommodations": "", "other": "I would be ready to commit time, accept feedback, and contribute consistently to my team and client.", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [{"timestamp": "2026-09-01T15:10:50.159000", "spokeTo": "Rachel"}], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a52_0d7ee2c2", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 13:08:50", "name": "Aashrita Alavala", "email": "Aashritaalavala@ufl.edu", "phone": "9014907836", "gender": "Female", "race": "Indian or Indian American", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/aashritaalavala", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1zSBJ1o0ipRhEr4rUpbLk2pN4ox6OGNoP", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.96 Highschool", "whyRem": "I've always wanted to take advantage of opportunities presented to me, whether it be joining a club, taking on a job, or attending a spontaneous event. Things like this have allowed me to step outside my comfort zone and helped me grow not just academically but also personally. With REM on Campus, I recognize it as an important opportunity to build my college career while also giving back to the local community. By being an active member in REM, I hope to gain a skillset that prepares me for real-world application through hands-on experiences working with local businesses and nonprofits. I am interested in combining my ambition with leaning how to build relationships, collaborate with others, and contribute to meaningful change with like-minded individuals. Ultimately, I hope REM challenges me to grow beyond my current understanding of problem-solving and gives me the confidence and perspective to make a positive impact wherever I go. ", "coreValue": "Resilience", "valueEssay": "Throughout my life, I've learned that setbacks are inevitable, but how you respond to them is what actually matters. I know that corporate financial advisory is a demanding field that required hard work, persistence, and the ability to work through difficult problems. Resilience is what keeps you going when things get challenging. To me, it ultimately comes from believing in yourself and trusting that you can work through whatever is in front of you. ", "careerInterests": "Investment Banking / Finance, Public Policy / Government, Law", "howRemHelps": "REM on Campus's commitment to exposing its members to unparalleled resources, ethical leadership, and collaboration will help me grow both professionally and personally. Joining REM would also help me pursue my career interests in investment banking and finance, public policy and government, and law by giving me hands-on experience analyzing problems, developing solutions, and working directly with real clients. I hope to strengthen my financial and analytical skills while also learning how business decisions intersect with policy, regulation, and legal considerations. I especially believe REM's mission because of the program's undeniable impact, demonstrated through its continued success in partnering with small, local family businesses. This mission is particularly meaningful to me beaches my aunt's family restaurant has faced financial and operational challenges that could have benefited from the type of guidance and support REM provides. That personal connection has shown me how valuable it is to have access to people with the knowledge and resources to help business overcome real-world challenges. I believe REM will challenge me to become a more thoughtful, capable, and well-rounded professional while giving me the skills and perspective necessary to pursue my long-term career goals.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Marketing and analytics, Finance and accounting", "accommodations": "N/A", "other": "N/A", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a53_db70a81e", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 13:47:59", "name": "Kristen Colom", "email": "kristen.colom@ufl.edu", "phone": "786-817-7030", "gender": "Female", "race": "Hispanic or Latino", "linkedin": "N/A", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1QHKljrHe0vOj1_dlRVHO5cVvyxvQmEXA", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Business Administration", "minor": "", "gpa": "N/A, Highschool GPA 3.8 u.w", "whyRem": "I would love to be a member of Rem on Campus because I\u2019m looking to become more involved on campus and connect with people who share similar values and interests. As a freshman, I think joining Rem would be a great opportunity to grow personally and be part of a supportive community. Having the opportunity to contribute my own ideas and energy while getting more involved in the UF community is extremely important to me.", "coreValue": "Resilience", "valueEssay": "Resilliance stands out to me because throughout life, obstacles will stand in the way of both my personal and professional life and in order to move forward, I need to maintain resilliance. For example, I may not get a job that I worked extremely hard to get, but I cant let that affect my drive to continue finding a job that I would love. While all the other values are also extremely important, none of them would be possible without the ability to overcome problems and be resilient.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Brand Strategy, Entrepreneurship / Startups, Law, Undecided / Exploring Options", "howRemHelps": "I believe joining Rem on Campus will help me explore the different career paths available within business while connecting with ambitious and like-minded students. Through opportunities to learn from professionals, develop my skills, and build meaningful connections, I hope to gain a better understanding of where my strengths and interests fit within the business world. As someone who is still exploring my long-term career goals, I believe Rem would provide valuable exposure and experiences that will help me grow both professionally and personally.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Social media management", "accommodations": "", "other": "", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a54_56661273", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 14:56:02", "name": "Hayden Veras", "email": "hayden.veras@ufl.edu", "phone": "5613299094", "gender": "Male", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/hayden-veras/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1635XMKZnk8qSOekLqZZGjm40dXyeaZ2Z", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2028", "classYear": "Junior", "major": "Mathematics", "minor": "Mathematics", "gpa": "3.85", "whyRem": "Through my role as an Instructional Support Assistant, I have come to appreciate the satisfaction that comes with advising and working with others, whether it be assisting professors with course material or learning from my coworkers. Rem on Campus would give me a great opportunity to get involved with helping businesses and to see more of the impact of my work outside of academia. I want to make new friends and expand my network through Rem on Campus, while gaining experience through working with businesses. As a Statistics major, I feel that I could bring a valuable perspective to projects through more technical and quantitative work while also developing my skills in the business realm. I also currently am a part of a statistics capstone course Anheuser-Busch, so I strongly believe I can transfer many skills from the this experience to Rem on Campus.", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "Community stands out as a value that can bring about these others and more. Having a community of people with similar goals drives everyone to want to improve shared values. As a Statistics major, I feel part of a community in the major. It is not one of the largest majors, so moving through classes has allowed me to make great friends as part of a community of students who want to improve our knowledge of the subject and study for many of the same classes. Furthermore, my role as an Instructional Support Assistant has given me a community of coworkers who are in different fields and stages of their college experience. Hearing about the career and academic goals of others in my communities motivates me to also succeed. I have learned more about many fields and organizations, including consulting, that I may have missed out on were it not for these UF communities.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance, Tech, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence", "howRemHelps": "Whether it be a career in consulting, finance, tech, or data analytics, these fields all involve some sort of collaboration and an understanding of business functions. Rem on Campus would strengthen my ability to work as part of a team, something that is important to me in my career. Expanding my network through the Rem on Campus community also would allow me to cement myself in these industries, while learning from others' experiences in recruitment or alumni already in the workforce. Also, working on projects with a variety of businesses provides many great talking points for future employers, showcasing my ability to work with business data and make informed decisions. For all four of the interests I selected, I want to be in a position involving data analysis and business decisions, making experience gained through Rem on Campus extremely helpful.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Graphic design (Adobe Creative Cloud, Sketch, ProCreate, etc), User Experience (UX), Statistics and modelling, Data analysis, HTML, Python, R, Design Thinking, Microsoft Office Suite", "accommodations": "", "other": "", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": {"timestamp": "2026-09-02T00:21:35.039000", "session": "09/01", "appliedBefore": "No"}, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a55_54a13cde", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 16:24:17", "name": "Charlotte Osol", "email": "charlottebosol@gmail.com", "phone": "9179007994", "gender": "Female", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/charlotte-osol-5a0212386 ", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1cRehaIGPcitsJCBmXdKUnuZVoFlCrDTw", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Humanities", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.98 in high school, I have no grades in college yet.", "whyRem": "I want to get directly involved in my community and actually help people instead of joining a club that may help individuals in a less hands on, more abstract manner. Further, I have a personal connection with small businesses because my parents own one in my hometown. Due to this and my enrollment in the marketing academy at my high school, I often helped my parents with marketing and promoting our restaurant.", "coreValue": "Empathy", "valueEssay": "Empathy stands out to me because when it comes to judging local businesses I feel like many people can be very picky and not understanding of how difficult it is to run one. I think that REM\u2019s core value of empathy is most important because to aid businesses one should not be judgmental and should instead approach any issues with empathy and understanding.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Public Policy / Government, Law", "howRemHelps": "To start off, REM is a student led consulting company so to get hands on experiences with consulting would be an amazing way to get into a real job in a consulting company through the experience of it and networking as well. Further, I am currently a pre-law student with an interest in working in law for some time and transitioning into working for the state department as a diplomat. Working for REM will help develop my problem solving skills that would be essential for working as a diplomat. It may also further my understanding of the inner workings of a business that could be helpful if I work within corporate law.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist, Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Marketing and analytics, Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Photography, Social media management", "accommodations": "", "other": "These are the official certifications I earned while enrolled in the International Marketing Academy at Ponte Vedra High School: \nProject Management Certification\nEntrepreneurship and Small Business Certification\nSoft Skills Certification\nDigital Skills Certification\nSocial Media Strategist Certification", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a56_dadf71be", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 16:24:52", "name": "Daniel Burris", "email": "danielburris@ufl.edu", "phone": "9546544774", "gender": "Male", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-burris", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1iQ9AK6oU5W82Fyvlbej7BiYX-z3tVa52", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Finance", "minor": "Economics", "gpa": "3.92", "whyRem": "I want to become a member of Rem on Campus because I want to experience what it is like to solve problems that exist outside of a classroom or competition. I have always enjoyed figuring out why a business makes certain decisions and how they weigh their options, which is what initially drew me toward consulting. However, most of my experience so far has been focused on hypothetical situations. REM\u2019s opportunity to work directly with real businesses and develop recommendations for real business challenges excites me.\nI am also interested in REM\u2019s \u201cLearning, Applying, Leading\u201d structure. As someone still early in my college career, I see a lot of value in learning from students with more experience and applying those skills through meaningful client work. Over time, I hope to use these skills to become someone who can contribute to and eventually lead a team through challenging problems. I am not looking to join REM just to add something to my resume. I want to push myself, ask questions, contribute to local businesses, and develop the confidence required to approach unfamiliar problems.", "coreValue": "Empathy", "valueEssay": "Empathy stands out to me because I believe the way you treat and understand others has a major impact on the relationships you build. Growing up, my mom often told me that empathy was one of my strongest qualities, and I have come to realize how important it is for understanding other people's perspectives. I saw this firsthand while working as a private algebra tutor in high school. I learned that knowing how to solve a problem didn\u2019t always mean I knew how to explain it in a way that someone else could understand. I had to put myself in my student\u2019s shoes to recognize where they were struggling and adjust the way I communicated based on their perspective.\nThis is also why I see empathy as valuable in almost any situation, since it allows me to consider viewpoints outside of my own. Whether I am working with a teammate, client, or business owner, understanding their point of view can help me communicate more effectively, build stronger relationships, and approach problems in a way that I may not have considered on my own.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance, Marketing, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Undecided / Exploring Options", "howRemHelps": "One of my main career goals right now is to gain meaningful internship experience while continuing to explore where my interests and strengths can take me in the business world. Joining Rem on Campus would expose me to real businesses and challenges that I have not had the opportunity to experience yet. Working through different types of problems would help me better understand the work I find most interesting and where my skills are most valuable.\nBeyond my immediate internship goals, I eventually want to take on a role where I am trusted to make important decisions and contribute valuable ideas. REM would give me the opportunity I need to develop my abilities by working through unfamiliar problems, collaborating with a team, and contributing to work that has a real impact on businesses. The skills, relationships, and experiences I gain through that process would prepare me for both my future internships and my larger career goals in Finance.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Marketing and analytics, Finance and accounting, Microsoft Office Suite", "accommodations": "", "other": "One thing I would like to add is that I genuinely enjoy challenging myself and learning things that are unfamiliar to me. In the past, I have taken difficult classes and explored subjects beyond what was required simply because I wanted to learn more. I also value being coachable and am always open to feedback, different perspectives, and opportunities to improve.", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a57_7fb0a1c0", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 16:26:41", "name": "Keerti Patil", "email": "patil.keerti@ufl.edu", "phone": "4074175758", "gender": "Female", "race": "Indian or Indian American", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/keerti-patil-8a7560342/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1igAeA-3N8OEMRsMLsKfCq5WP2lCU-Zwn", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Computer Science / Information Systems", "minor": "", "gpa": "4", "whyRem": "I want to be a member of Rem on campus in order to meet new people and build a community of like-minded students that can guide me on my career path. Being a member of Rem would help me build my skillset, as well as gain experience with real world scenarios and projects. I also want to build lasting relationships with driven peers and mentors, and I also want to learn new information about the field of consulting. Overall, I want to improve myself through Rem in order to contribute my knowledge to the team and make an impact. ", "coreValue": "Innovation", "valueEssay": "Innovation stands out to be because of its importance in our future. As time progresses, technology is increasingly becoming more advanced, and its significance on the corporate world will only continue to rise. Innovation is what created new opportunities and built humanity, improving our global standard of living today. I view innovation as not just a tool for inventing new products, but a critical value that will improve problem solving and navigate organizations in the future evolutionary marketplace.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Brand Strategy, Tech, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Entrepreneurship / Startups, Product Management", "howRemHelps": "Joining Rem on Campus will help me meet like-minded people and network with members that have experience, which can allow me to build relationships with people that can guide my future career path. I also believe that Rem on Campus will help me learn more about consulting, and build the skillset that is necessary to thrive in the field. I would love to be a part of Rem and contribute my efforts to the organization, so that I gain knowledge and experience that I can apply to the real world one day.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Mobile development, Web design, Videography, Photography, Social media management, Ads (Facebook/Instagram)", "accommodations": "None", "other": "N/A", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a58_9e3ae33a", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 16:26:49", "name": "Gaby Triana", "email": "gabriella.triana@ufl.edu", "phone": "3059030334", "gender": "Female", "race": "Hispanic or Latino", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/gabriella-triana-00570a3a7", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1XmudyGoSAojyek-etKBSYlJd8mI8NcR7", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Business Administration", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.31", "whyRem": "\n     I\u2019ve been taught my whole life that the most meaningful experiences are the ones where you leave something and/or someone better than you found them. During the rest of my college experience, that is the kind of impact I want to make and that is why I want to be a member of Rem on Campus. \n     Before college, I was involved in clubs and organizations and even had the opportunity to start my own nonprofit service organization. While building it, I experienced firsthand how difficult it can be to turn an idea into something that can grow beyond your immediate community. There were so many moments when I wished I had someone with experience in consulting or business who I could reach out to for guidance. Someone who could help me think bigger, identify opportunities, and figure out how to expand the organization's impact. That experience made me realize just how valuable it is to have people who are willing to share their knowledge and help others turn their ideas into something greater \n     That is one of the reasons Rem on Campus stands out to me. I want to be able to provide that kind of value to others while also learning how to do it myself. Since I am still exploring my exact career path, gaining exposure to consulting and working with businesses across different industries would give me valuable experiences while helping me discover where my interests and strengths truly align. I hope to develop practical skills, gain knowledge from experienced people, and learn how to approach real-world problems from different perspectives.\n     Most importantly, I want my college experience to be about more than just what I can accomplish for myself. I want to be part of something bigger than myself, just as I was through the organizations and nonprofit work I was involved in before college. I want to contribute to the success of others, help businesses and organizations reach goals that may feel out of reach, and surround myself with people who are equally motivated to make an impact. I see Rem on Campus as an opportunity to continue serving others while challenging myself, discovering my career path, and becoming the kind of person I once wished I had in my own corner. \n", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": " I truly believe that I am a product of the communities that have invested in me. From my family, to my teams, to the people I\u2019ve met at UF, the support and experiences I\u2019ve gained from others have shaped who I am today. Therefore, community stands out to me because it represents not only having people around you, but growing together, supporting one another, and creating an environment where everyone can succeed.          \n\n     Community has also shaped how I understand the other core values. Through sports and dance, I learned resilience by facing challenges with teammates and pushing each other to improve. Attending an all-girls school and serving on student council taught me empathy and the importance of understanding different perspectives. Because my council members and I were so close, we were comfortable giving and receiving constructive criticism, which helped us solve problems and grow together. Working as a team also encouraged innovation by bringing different ideas together, while being surrounded by people who challenged me contributed to my intellectual growth and taught me to always remain open to learning.\n     Coming to UF has reinforced how important community is to me. Having friends from Miami here helped me adapt to a new environment, while my sorority introduced me to women who have become like family and mentors who continue to encourage my growth. One of my closest friends has also pushed me outside of my comfort zone by encouraging me to attend club events and helping me find new ways to get involved on campus.\n     Professionally, I want to create that same sense of community for others. I want to be someone who supports others, encourages new ideas, gives and receives constructive feedback, and helps people grow. To me, community is the foundation that allows resilience, empathy, innovation, and intellectual growth to thrive. It has taught me that success is not just about what I accomplish myself, but also about how I can help the people around me succeed.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Marketing, Product Management, Law, Fashion, Sports, Real Estate ", "howRemHelps": " I don\u2019t see being undecided as not knowing where I\u2019m going, I see it as having multiple paths that I\u2019m genuinely excited to explore. When selecting my career interests, I chose \u201cundecided\u201d because I have not yet narrowed myself down to one specific path. At the same time, I selected and added several areas that strongly interest me. I\u2019m still exploring how those interests may shape my future, which is why I am looking for experiences that allow me to gain exposure to different industries and discover where my skills and passions align.\n     Joining Rem on Campus would give me that opportunity through hands-on consulting experience with different businesses and brands. What initially drew me to Rem was seeing how consulting can provide exposure to a variety of industries, including ones that align with my interests. Through this experience, I hope to strengthen my strategic thinking, communication, problem-solving, and leadership skills while gaining insight into marketing, product development, business strategy, and client relationships. These are skills that I know would support the different career paths I am considering. \n     As I look toward my future, one goal I am particularly interested in is pursuing a combined degree at UF that would allow me to earn a master\u2019s in either management or marketing. I see graduate school as an opportunity to build on the business knowledge and experiences I gain as an undergraduate while developing a deeper understanding of the areas I ultimately choose to pursue. I believe the experiences I gain through Rem could help me make that decision with greater confidence and give me a stronger foundation for that next step.\n     Ultimately, my long-term goal is to create a product or service that I can turn into a successful business of my own. I already find myself brainstorming ideas that I hope to bring to life one day, but I know that building something successful takes experience, knowledge, and time. I believe Rem would help me build that foundation by allowing me to work with real businesses, learn from different perspectives, and better understand how successful ideas are developed and executed. Regardless of where my career exploration leads me, I know the experiences I gain through Rem will bring me closer to becoming the entrepreneur and professional I hope to be.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Marketing and analytics, Social media management, Ads (Facebook/Instagram)", "accommodations": "", "other": "     One thing I would want Rem to know about me is that I genuinely look for opportunities to grow, even when I do not have everything figured out yet which I feel is pretty evident in my responses to these questions. I\u2019ve always been someone who seeks out new experiences, challenges myself to step outside of my comfort zone, and looks for ways to make a meaningful impact. I may not have one exact career path mapped out yet, but I know I want to build something meaningful, help others succeed, and surround myself with people who push me to become better. I would bring curiosity, initiative, and a willingness to learn to Rem, but most importantly, I would bring the mindset that there is always an opportunity to learn, improve, and make a greater impact", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": {"timestamp": "2026-09-02T00:21:27.831000", "session": "09/01", "appliedBefore": "No"}, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a59_677a1862", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 17:23:18", "name": "Steven Pham", "email": "phamsteven1246@gmail.com", "phone": "2398228867", "gender": "Male", "race": "Asian or Asian American", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/stevenphamuf", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Nxrb6nfthkFiA2KW7xR8VIcUolYuOzya", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2028", "classYear": "Junior", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.5", "whyRem": "I want to be a member of Rem on Campus because of the community that Rem holds at the University of Florida. The community consists of hard-working and like minded individuals. I am firm believer on the influence of environments and want to be surrounded with individuals who hold a high moral compass and have a drive towards growth like myself.", "coreValue": "Resilience", "valueEssay": "This value stands out to me because it compliments how I approach my whole life. I am a type of person where I never avoid opportunities or situations because it is new or scary, I push through my emotions and recognize the value of failure. In addition, I feel that resilience has been a big part of my journey not only as a student but as a person, being a First Generation Student. Through out my life, I have gone through multiple challenges of cultural and social norms. My parents came to the United States from Vietnam to escape the war and provide my family better opportunities. In exchange of that, they did not know any cultural knowledge or American systems. As a result, certain responsibilities such as learning how to apply to college or how to sign up for sports, fell to me. The situations I am put in and where I had to be resilient does not mean I have more weaknesses than others, but rather shows a growth in my mental strength and drive to become the best possible version of myself that I can be.", "careerInterests": "Investment Banking / Finance", "howRemHelps": "I believe joining Rem on Campus will help me achieve my career goals of breaking into finance by providing me with the necessary experience to succeed outside of college, whether it would be soft skills or technical skills. In addition, being surrounded in an environment with driven minded individuals like myself, will allow me to continue to stay focused on academics and achieving my goals.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Statistics and modelling, Data analysis, Marketing and analytics, Social media management, Finance and accounting, Python, Brand Development", "accommodations": "N/A", "other": "N/A", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a60_efbd1750", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 17:54:02", "name": "Irene Turrado Sierra", "email": "turradoirene@gmail.com", "phone": "+1 3522562778", "gender": "Female", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/irene-turrado-sierra", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1kd9c5FgaPeKKIa0lPu1LLhdDNTqJ9rLp", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2027", "classYear": "Senior", "major": "Engineering (various disciplines)", "minor": "Computer Science / Information Systems, Data Science, Engineering (various disciplines), Mathematics", "gpa": "Approx. 3.31/4.0 \u2014 original cumulative GPA: 8.28/10 (Universidad Pontificia Comillas \u2013 ICAI, Spain)", "whyRem": "I want to join Rem on Campus because I am especially interested in applying my analytical background to real business problems and seeing the direct impact of my work. As a Mathematical Engineering and AI student, I am used to approaching complex problems in a structured and data-driven way, but I want to strengthen the business and client-facing side of that skill set.\n\nMy internship at Inveready reinforced this interest, as I worked with financial and portfolio information and saw how technology and analysis can support real business decisions. What attracts me most to Rem is the opportunity to work directly with small businesses, understand the challenges they are facing, and help develop practical recommendations as part of a team. I also value the mentorship and learning component, as I see Rem as a place where I can both contribute my quantitative perspective and grow as a problem solver and communicator.", "coreValue": "Empathy", "valueEssay": "Empathy stands out to me because I believe that solving a problem well starts with understanding the person behind it. Through years of tutoring and volunteering with people from very different backgrounds, I have learned that listening first often changes the solution you initially thought was right. Different people have different priorities, constraints, and ways of approaching a problem, and being able to adapt to those differences is something I value deeply.\n\nThis has also shaped the way I approach more analytical work. My background in Mathematical Engineering and AI has taught me how to break down complex problems using data, but I have learned that a technically strong answer is only valuable if it is useful to the people who have to act on it. That is particularly meaningful to me in Rem\u2019s work with small businesses, where recommendations affect real owners, employees, and communities. I would want to understand each client\u2019s reality before trying to improve it.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance, Tech, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Entrepreneurship / Startups", "howRemHelps": "My career interests sit at the intersection of technology, analytics, finance, and business strategy, and I see Rem on Campus as an opportunity to connect those interests through real client work. My academic background has given me strong quantitative and technical skills, while my experience at Inveready showed me how data and technology can support business and investment decisions. However, I want to become better at taking analysis one step further: understanding a business problem, identifying what really matters to the client, and turning that analysis into a practical recommendation.\n\nWorking with small businesses through Rem would give me exposure to different industries and challenges while developing skills that are relevant across consulting, investing, technology, and entrepreneurship. I am particularly excited about learning how to structure ambiguous problems, communicate recommendations clearly, and work closely with a team and a real client. I believe those experiences would help me understand where I can create the most value professionally while building a much stronger business perspective alongside my technical background.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Statistics and modelling, Mobile development, Web design, Data analysis, Videography, Photography, Finance and accounting, HTML, Python, R, Machine Learning, SQL, Power BI, Tableau, Financial Modelling & Valuation, C++, C#, Git/GitHub", "accommodations": "No accommodations needed at this time. Thank you.", "other": "As an international exchange student, I am spending the full academic year at UF and am very intentional about getting involved beyond the classroom. I believe my background in engineering and AI, combined with previous experience in asset management and studying in different international environments, allows me to bring a different perspective to a team. I am also a very curious and committed person, and I genuinely enjoy learning from people with backgrounds different from my own. If selected, I would be excited to contribute actively to Rem throughout the semester and make the most of the opportunity to work with real businesses and the UF community.", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a61_d2e9ed68", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 18:10:01", "name": "Kashvi Aggarwal", "email": "k.aggarwal@ufl.edu", "phone": "321-391-2553", "gender": "Female", "race": "Indian or Indian American", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/kashviagg/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1FWPTArbWKuJIJabpCPvNxEW98rjCL2p6", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.34", "whyRem": "I want to join Rem on Campus as a Junior Strategist because working with Life in a Bottle, a small juice company in Gainesville, showed me how meaningful it is to help a local business grow. I managed the company\u2019s social media, organized promotional pop-ups, and engaged directly with potential customers at farmers\u2019 markets, which allowed me to understand both the operational and personal sides of a small business.\n\nWhat I valued most was seeing how my work affected Willie, the owner. After I designed branded T-shirts for Life in a Bottle, he sent me pictures of himself smiling while wearing one at the farmers\u2019 market and told me that customers had been complimenting it. Seeing him proudly wear something I had created made the work feel much more personal. I experienced that feeling again when I pulled up the company\u2019s social media analytics and showed him that our content had reached more than 13,000 views in 30 days. His face immediately lit up, and he said, \u201cAll of Gainesville is going to know us.\u201d He also told me that the modern perspective I brought to the company was helping him reach people he had not known how to reach before. His reaction meant more to me than the number itself. Watching him become more excited and confident about a business he had poured so much of himself into was what made the experience genuinely fulfilling.\n\nRem on Campus\u2019s structured consulting program would help me turn that motivation into a broader skill set. As a Junior Strategist, I would bring my experience in marketing and customer engagement while learning alongside a team to analyze unfamiliar business challenges and develop recommendations tailored to each owner\u2019s goals. I am excited by the opportunity to grow into a more well-rounded problem-solver while helping other owners experience the same pride and optimism I saw in Willie.", "coreValue": "Resilience", "valueEssay": "Resilience stands out to me because I learned that one setback does not erase all the work that came before it.\n\nI experienced this while planning my Eagle Scout project to build a butterfly garden at a local park. A week before the scheduled date, a hurricane left the park flooded, muddy, and covered with fallen branches, making it unsafe for the project to continue. I felt overwhelmed and disappointed because it seemed like all the effort I had put into planning had suddenly gone flat. I was also worried about losing volunteers, delaying the materials, and disappointing everyone who had committed to helping.\n\nInstead of letting those concerns stop the project, I focused on what needed to happen next. I informed the Scouts and adult leaders about the cancellation, spoke with the city parks manager, rescheduled the delivery with our material suppliers, and ensured everyone understood the new plan. Because everyone remained informed and cooperative, the rescheduled project ran smoothly, and seeing the completed garden felt like the culmination of everything I had worked toward throughout Boy Scouts.\n\nI later applied this same mindset at UF when more than 160 students arrived at the Student Government Print Lab before a career fair and only one printer was functioning. Although I felt overwhelmed, I focused on what I could control by organizing the line, troubleshooting the equipment, and contacting Reitz Union and IT staff for assistance. Every student ultimately left with a resume, showing me how the resilience I developed through Boy Scouts continues to guide me professionally.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Brand Strategy, Tech, Technology or Software Sales", "howRemHelps": "I want to pursue a career in sales, but I am still exploring which industry and type of client I want to work with within that realm. I see consulting as closely connected to sales because both require uncovering a client\u2019s needs, understanding the reasoning behind their decisions, and communicating a solution that fits their situation. Through the GatorSLAM Sales Team, I am currently developing the interpersonal side of this process by learning how to conduct discovery calls, ask purposeful questions, and connect a solution to a prospect\u2019s needs. Rem on Campus would complement that experience by strengthening the business knowledge behind those conversations.\n\nWorking directly with small business owners would allow me to understand how they evaluate decisions, balance limited resources, and consider the effects of a problem across their finances, operations, and customers. I would learn how to evaluate the information gathered during client conversations, identify the root of a business problem, and turn those findings into practical recommendations customers deserve. Exposure to businesses with different models and customer bases would help me determine which area of sales interests me most while preparing me to approach future clients with both strong communication skills and a deeper understanding of their businesses.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Graphic design (Adobe Creative Cloud, Sketch, ProCreate, etc), Business Strategy, Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Photography, Social media management, Python, Brand Development", "accommodations": "N/A", "other": "N/A", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [{"timestamp": "2026-09-03T17:39:43.481000", "spokeTo": "Pablo, Adam, Lexi"}], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a62_98391f4c", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 18:49:55", "name": "Rajveer Chavan", "email": "rajveerchavan@ufl.edu", "phone": "+1 (352) 772-1477", "gender": "Male", "race": "Indian or Indian American", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/rajveerchavan20/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1pu8PTKepi7qwSqzCCELDSlc_uwc1jF_j", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Economics ", "minor": "", "gpa": "N.A. (3.98 HIgh School GPA - 42/45 IB) ", "whyRem": "I wish to join Rem on Campus because Rem works with small business that have real problems without a team to solve it for them. More than big corporations, smaller business are the ones that require real consulting and help to fix messy problems. That's the kind of experience and knowledge I wish to obtain before I graduate. I feel like working with smaller businesses will teach me to become more patient, composed, a better listener and ultimately a better consultant. My long term plan is to get into healthcare administration and gaining consultation experience will be extremely valuable to my professional development. I also wish to work alongside like-minded individuals and learn more from my peers and team leaders and adopt a useful quality in my work and life from every person around me. ", "coreValue": "Empathy", "valueEssay": "Empathy stands out to me because I find it a lot easier to work if I actually understand what people need instead of what I think they need. It requires one to be a careful listener and an open-minded individual. When I ran the training program for underprivileged village girls in India, what mattered more than the fitness or logistics was understanding why a lot of them didn't think they could finish something like a 320km ride, and building the program such that they could develop confidence in themselves. I saw the same thing when I was organising health camps around my city. People struggled to trust the doctors more than the information that was fed to them and thats my biggest fear. I wish to be a careful listener and earn someone's trust by proving to them that I understand what they're communicating and what they need. That's why I wish to pursue healthcare administration as a career because systems such as healthcare only work when people running them understand the needs of the people using them and thats why empathy stands out the most to me. ", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Entrepreneurship / Startups, Non-Profit / Social Impact, Medicine, Healthcare Administration ", "howRemHelps": "Rem would let me see how a real organisation actually runs day to day. I wish to gaine xperience working with real budgets, operational concerns and decision making processes which is what will help me when I run a healthcare organisation later. My clinical consulting internship gave me real insight onto how consulting operations look like. I deeply enjoyed the process of working with a business with a real problem, digging into it, and present them with actionable findings. Rem would allow me to do the same except with real guidance, a team and coaching instead of going at it alone. ", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist, Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Statistics and modelling, Brand Development", "accommodations": "N.A", "other": "N.A", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a63_8bef0745", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 19:18:07", "name": "Hamza AbuOleim", "email": "abuoleimhamza@ufl.edu", "phone": "(813) 593-2188", "gender": "Male", "race": "Middle Eastern or Arab", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/hamza-abuoleim", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1i5UOI_Wcs5K1ZPEJUC423C6ot52Y2ydx", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "N/A (freshman) Highschool GPA: 3.76", "whyRem": "Joining Rem on Campus aligns directly with my commitment to creating spaces where people feel engaged and supported. Having led event logistics and financial tracking for a community giving circle nonprofit and founded a student diversity leadership board in high school I've learned how valuable community and belonging is. I know great ideas require structure and execution to survive. Rem offers the collaborative experience I need to refine my leadership and innovative skills enabling me to help make my communities stronger.", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "The value of community centered collaborations connects deeply with both my personal and professional background. Growing up in an immigrant family and founding the Student Diversity Leadership board taught me that sustainable impact happens when you listen first and build alongside the community, rather than imposing outside solutions. My financial operations and event work at 200 Muslim Women Who Care was never just about logistics. It was about ensuring the people in our community felt supported. ", "careerInterests": "Investment Banking / Finance, Non-Profit / Social Impact", "howRemHelps": "Joining Rem on Campus will help bridge my technical interest in finance with my long term commitment to social impact. My career goal is to work with capital allocation and community development ensuring that mission driven ventures have financial structure and the operational strategy needed to scale. Rem's consulting model offers the ideal environment to apply analytical skills directly to local businesses and non profits. Rem's Learning, Applying, Leading framework will help me develop my advisory skills and evaluate operational models in the real world enabling me to keep my communities and community focused organizations thriving.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Statistics and modelling, Data analysis, Marketing and analytics, Finance and accounting", "accommodations": "", "other": "", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a64_6785e8e0", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 19:27:22", "name": "Jordan Altman", "email": "altmanj@ufl.edu", "phone": "2394518323", "gender": "Male", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "N/A", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1-q-8XkoundYcXy7jtoZTPZSgxdzTHVhw", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Business Administration", "minor": "", "gpa": "N/A", "whyRem": "I believe it would be a valuable opportunity for me to learn important skills in consulting and meet and build connections with new people.", "coreValue": "Intellectual Growth", "valueEssay": "I have always enjoyed learning new things regarding just about anything throughout my life. I know I have a lot to learn regarding consulting and business in general, and being a member of Rem on Campus would be an invaluable opportunity for intellectual growth.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance, Data Analytics / Business Intelligence, Public Policy / Government, Undecided / Exploring Options", "howRemHelps": "Rem would allow me to develop important knowledge, skills, and community for me to pursue many of the various career interests that I am considering at the moment. Particularly, the developments I would make in Rem would be hugely beneficial to possible careers in consulting, finance, and data analytics.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Statistics and modelling, Data analysis, Social media management, Microsoft Office Suite", "accommodations": "Nothing in particular", "other": "I would be hugely honored to be accepted into and be a part of Rem. I also consider myself very good at memorizing information and statistics. ", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a65_0ecc4a04", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 19:47:22", "name": "Amanda Liu", "email": "liuamanda@ufl.edu", "phone": "(954)-471-1145", "gender": "Female", "race": "Asian or Asian American", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/amandaliu06", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1oVW-H6MNZczEObn7uzcrxAyWaFkZvQnz", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Business Administration", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.82", "whyRem": "I want to be a member of Rem because supporting and working with local businesses to resolve their issues and helping them stay connected to the communities they serve is important to me. Joining an organization of like-minded peers with a focus on serving the community is something that I highly value and seek. Rem provides a unique opportunity with real-world work, showing firsthand the value of using business acumen for good. I hope to contribute to this organization\u2019s efforts in creating modern, effective solutions that address the issues businesses face.", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "Community is the core value that is most important to me, as it has shaped a lot of my experiences growing up. Working in my family\u2019s restaurant showed me how important the relationship between local businesses and the larger community can be. These spots help shape the identity of the local area and are reliant on the local community\u2019s support to continue to succeed. \nI watch how my parents were able to build long-lasting relationships with customers and other local businesses, and how vital that was to their success. Seeing this showed me the importance of fostering connections with others and being there for the community around you. Community is a value that continues to guide how I interact with others, and it\u2019s one I hope to expand upon with Rem on Campus.\n", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance", "howRemHelps": "My career interests are focused on consulting and finance, and Rem is able to provide me with experience that can positively impact my understanding of these fields.\nConsulting interests me as I enjoy working with others to solve important problems faced by clients and developing practical, individualized solutions to help organizations and their operations. Rem allows for the chance to work with a local organization, with real issues that need to be solved, and with a real client, giving firsthand experience in this field. Finance interests me for the analytics and the opportunity to understand how businesses grow, adapt, and make important financial decisions.\nRem would allow me to apply the business concepts I am learning in class and through self-study to real situations. Rem provides an opportunity to build skills applicable to these two fields while staying connected and working in a group to help guide the path.   \n", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Photography, Finance and accounting, Microsoft Office Suite", "accommodations": "", "other": "", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a66_83ef9813", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 20:03:15", "name": "Sterling Livingston", "email": "s.livingston1@ufl.edu", "phone": "813-390-0439", "gender": "Male", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/sterlinglivingston", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1jTsE-lsIQd3dpV9pLIhamMF2m8h-GRvS", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2028", "classYear": "Junior", "major": "Engineering (various disciplines)", "minor": "Other", "gpa": "3.81", "whyRem": "I came to UF with the intention of pursuing a career in the medical field, based on my want to make a positive change in the lives of the people I worked with. However, after getting more experience in the medical field, I learned that I am more interested in pursuing a career where I could help optimize and add value to existing businesses. I learned about consulting, and I wanted to get involved with an organization that would give me the ability to start helping real businesses and hone essential consulting skills. I learned that REM is made up of a community of people who have already made a difference in many businesses and really care about helping members succeed in consulting.\n\nNot only will being a member of REM help me develop consulting skills, but it also gives me an opportunity to give back to local businesses in Gainesville. I resonate with REM's mission of helping local businesses that give Gainesville its character and make it feel like a home. Being a part of an organization that creates visible impacts in the Gainesville community would be incredibly rewarding and an invaluable experience for me. I would also like to be a member of a tight-knit community made up of other driven individuals looking to create change and be successful in their careers. I believe that the social events that REM holds outside of consulting operations help build lasting connections that I can have past college and keep throughout my career.", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "I believe that everyone is a product of their environment. The community that you choose to surround yourself with shapes both your everyday life and your future. In the past, the communities I have been a part of\u2014my swim team, my school community service organization, and the community of people I have around me now\u2014have pushed me to grind for a new personal record in the pool, go out and serve the homeless in my community, and apply to join new organizations that will help in my career. Without these communities of people, I would not be in the place I am today. In my professional career, I would like to have a client-facing role where I have the opportunity to interact and build genuine relationships with clients. Joining REM would allow me to connect directly with business owners and improve my ability to form authentic relationships in business. REM is a community of driven leaders, and being a member would motivate me to grow personally and professionally while also greatly benefiting my professional journey.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Marketing, Brand Strategy, Tech, Entrepreneurship / Startups, Product Management", "howRemHelps": "Given the opportunity to join REM on Campus, I would be a member of a highly motivated network of leaders focused on gaining experience in consulting and similar business fields. The mentorship, valuable guidance, and knowledge of the recruitment process that older members have would give me a huge advantage when applying to internships and consulting jobs. Additionally, REM's visits to top consulting firms in the Southeast would allow me to connect with consulting professionals. This would expand my network, give me insight into the daily expectations of a consultant, and highlight the culture of each firm.\n\nGaining hands-on experience in consulting through work with businesses in Gainesville would also help me build confidence in myself and my ability to deliver solutions that have a real impact on business outcomes. I would also have the chance to sharpen my skills in professional communication, relationship building, and project management. The well-connected network and concrete skills I would develop as a member make REM the best organization I could be a part of to achieve my career goals.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Statistics and modelling, Back-end web development, Web design, Python, Microsoft Office Suite, Brand Development", "accommodations": "No", "other": "I would like to pursue client facing role in business. I am fully committed to consulting, and I am really interested in getting involved with case competitions and real business projects.", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a67_4cad0215", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 20:15:35", "name": "Lucia Paras", "email": "luciajparas@icloud.com", "phone": "864-395-2547", "gender": "Female", "race": "Asian or Asian American", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/luciaparas", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1vzjjJmw4QzBPLiiTGkHe5NJHU4rTdItH", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Other Social Science (e.g. Psychology, Sociology, Anthropology)", "minor": "Business Administration", "gpa": "3.9", "whyRem": "I am still exploring different business professions, and Rem on Campus would give me the opportunity to experience different business aspects ranging from consulting, market strategy, and brand building. Moreover, I love how Rem on Campus incorporates all these aspects and more into a meaningful project that it is happening locally. I would also want to be a member of Rem on Campus because I would get to connect with others from various colleges here at the University of Florida. Whether it is through the members or the businesses, I believe that Rem on Campus offers a diverse array of people and experiences. After attending the information session and speaking with Hannah, we were able to connect over having majors outside of Warrington. During our conversation, she was able to give me insightful advice and direct me towards new resources. It was clear to me that Rem on Campus greatly values connecting with one another on a deeper level. Through these connections, I can broaden my understanding and learn new perspectives which can then be applied to whatever business career I may pursue. Overall, I would love to be a member of Rem on Campus because I would get the opportunity to explore my passion for business while knowing that I was helping someone within the community while also building a community of my own within the organization.", "coreValue": "Empathy", "valueEssay": "I believe that empathy is the foundation to most things in life. Over the summer, I had an internship at a hospital research department. I was not working hands on with patients, but I was hearing stories from the other interns. One told me how he had some preconceived notions about an underprivileged patient. He was shocked when he met the patient, and she was one of the kindest patients he had met. After the fact, he was explaining how he should have had more empathy and not to have made assumptions. Even though I did not experience the situation firsthand, I still empathized with the patient through my peer. However, I also empathized with my peer since it was a new situation, and he was still able to learn from it. This can be applied to working with Rem on Campus since when working with a variety of clients, it is easy to make assumptions regarding what is best to do and to cast judgement even without knowing the whole situation. Thus, it is essential to empathize and show compassion. While I may not fully understand the situation at hand, I can still listen and try to see their side of the story. Moreover, empathy does not just extend to the clients, but to the other Rem strategists and leaders. Certain cases will be far from what is imagined, but I know empathizing and encouraging one another through tough times is essential. ", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Brand Strategy, Entrepreneurship / Startups, Product Management", "howRemHelps": "Through hands on experience, I will be able to explore my interests regarding consulting, brand strategy, entrepreneurship, and product management since I will have the opportunity to strengthen my communication and develop my strategic thinking. Moreover, at the information session, I learned about the mentor-mentee program. Through this program, I can gain new knowledge and perspective from the other members regarding their business experiences. By joining Rem on Campus, I will be able to achieve my career goals since I will develop a variety of skills that can be applicable to whatever career path I may pursue in the future.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Statistics and modelling, Marketing and analytics, Photography, Social media management, Microsoft Office Suite", "accommodations": "", "other": "I was originally a biology major on the premed track; however, over the summer, I started taking classes for my business minor since I was uncertain on whether medicine was what I truly wanted to do, and I fell in love with microeconomics. It was a class I greatly enjoyed, and I loved how applicable it was to the real world. Thus, after debating on switching my major for the past six months, I finally made the switch this fall. Since then, I have been exploring possible career paths involving economics, and when I came across Rem on Campus, I felt like it perfectly matched my love for economics with business and community. ", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a68_10bbe873", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 20:18:58", "name": "Victoria Maltezos ", "email": "maltezosvictoria@gmail.com", "phone": "561-403-9187", "gender": "Female", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "N/A", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TM7vll9_lgXBY-MbWeB5YIRWvQHBz8S9", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Business Administration", "minor": "", "gpa": "4", "whyRem": "I want to join Rem on Campus because it offers a unique opportunity to bridge my academic interests in business with practical, client based experience. The opportunity to work directly with small businesses, evaluate real business challenges, and develop strategic recommendations would allow me to gain a deeper understanding of how businesses make decisions and identify opportunities for growth.\n\nMy interest in this work is also personal. Having gained experience working within my family\u2019s business franchises in South Florida, I have seen firsthand the importance of effective operations, customer relationships, marketing, and strategic decision making to a company\u2019s long term success. I want to build upon that experience by learning how to approach business challenges from a more analytical and consulting oriented perspective.\n\nAs a Business Administration student, I am particularly focused on developing my skills in strategy and marketing. I want to learn how to evaluate a business\u2019s current position, identify areas for improvement, and develop strategies that effectively address its goals and challenges. The opportunity to conduct research, analyze business needs, collaborate with a team, and present recommendations to clients would allow me to strengthen these skills in a real world setting. I would also value the opportunity to learn from experienced members, contribute my own perspective, and work alongside other motivated students while supporting local businesses. Ultimately, I see Rem as an opportunity to develop into a more strategic and well rounded business professional while creating meaningful value for the Gainesville community.", "coreValue": "Intellectual Growth", "valueEssay": "Intellectual growth stands out to me because I want to become better at understanding the reasoning behind business decisions, not just learning what the decisions are. Working in my family\u2019s franchise business has given me firsthand experience with how an established business operates, but it has also made me realize how much I still want to learn about evaluating challenges and determining the best way to move a business forward.\n\nI want to develop the ability to look at a business problem, ask the right questions, and think through different possible solutions before deciding what approach makes the most sense. I believe working with different businesses through Rem would challenge me to do that in situations that are unfamiliar to me and help me develop a more thoughtful and strategic way of thinking.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Marketing, Brand Strategy, Entrepreneurship / Startups", "howRemHelps": "Joining Rem on Campus would give me the opportunity to help small businesses turn their ideas and goals into sustainable businesses. I am drawn to the idea of being involved in the process of helping an entrepreneur take their vision and determine what it will take to make that vision successful. While my experience in my family\u2019s franchise business has shown me what it takes to operate an established business, Rem would allow me to see the other side of entrepreneurship and learn how businesses can be built, strengthened, and grown.\n\nWorking directly with small businesses would teach me how to identify opportunities, recognize potential challenges, develop practical strategies, and connect business owners with the right resources when needed. I believe that learning through these experiences would give me knowledge I can carry into my own future, whether I pursue entrepreneurship or eventually take on a larger role in my family\u2019s business. I want to understand not only how a business operates, but how you help turn someone\u2019s vision into a business with the foundation to succeed.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Marketing and analytics, Social media management, Communications and copy-writing, Brand Development", "accommodations": "I do not need any accommodations at this time.", "other": "I originally planned to attend UF Online, but after deciding that I wanted to pursue my education in person, I chose to move to Gainesville and become more involved in the UF community. In the meantime, I am completing my remaining business prerequisites online through my community college in Boca Raton, with the goal of transferring into UF\u2019s Business Administration program in the fall.\n\nI hope my current school status does not influence your decision, as I am confident in my ability to contribute and succeed within Rem. (:", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a69_d169f540", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 20:31:37", "name": "Lia Prosperino", "email": "prosperinol@ufl.edu", "phone": "9145629600", "gender": "Female", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/liaprosperino/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1r2ltwG9I4EeVh3JE4Mvu5666gcHN5S61", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.84", "whyRem": "I\u2019m interested in becoming a member of Rem on Campus due to the opportunity to connect my interests in problem-solving and business to meaningful work in the Gainesville community. Although Rem's strong collaborative culture is what initially stood out to me, my conversations with Hannah and Eli provided me with a better understanding of the organization's dedication to helping local businesses thrive. The idea of working with individual clients to understand the challenges they face and develop solutions appeals to me greatly. This kind of practical experience will enable me to hone my analytical and problem-solving skills while learning about how different businesses approach growth and decision-making.\nAs I strive to pursue a career in corporate finance, I know how important it is to comprehend how financial decision-making impacts the strategic direction of a business. I strongly believe Rem will help me gain this valuable experience by applying what I learn in the classroom to real-world business problems.", "coreValue": "Intellectual Growth", "valueEssay": "Intellectual growth stands out to me because I have seen first-hand how pushing yourself outside of your comfort zone can teach you some of the most impactful lessons. I began my journey at UF on a pre-health track, but throughout the past year I took the opportunity to explore my interests, gain new experiences, and grow both personally and professionally. Through all of this, I came to understand the importance of staying flexible while constantly challenging myself.\nAs I have developed a deep passion for business and finance, I have become especially interested in consulting and the idea of solving problems to help others. I enjoy working through complex problems, exploring various opinions on an issue, and finding real solutions. I know that there is so much more for me to learn about the world of business, which is why I see so much value in the opportunity to think critically, ask questions, and learn from those around me. Joining Rem on Campus would allow me to apply my skills to real-life business problems, contribute to the Gainesville community, and continue developing the intellectual curiosity and problem-solving skills necessary to grow as a young professional.", "careerInterests": "Investment Banking / Finance, Undecided / Exploring Options", "howRemHelps": "Rem On Campus will play a crucial role in my career goals by allowing me to apply my knowledge in business and finance to real-life problems faced by small businesses. In the future, I hope to build a career in corporate finance in either the sports or entertainment industry. Therefore, I find it so important to gain insight on how financial decision making impacts business strategy. While finance plays a crucial role in resource allocation, I also want to understand how those decisions affect operations, growth opportunities, and the long-term success of a business.\nThrough Rem, I will be able to improve my problem-solving skills and learn how to assess the challenges of a business while providing effective solutions within a team. At the same time, working with various clients from different industries will help me understand how businesses operate and make decisions depending on the industry. Rem on Campus will provide me with hands-on experience in applying my knowledge to solve real-world business problems and gain the skills required for a successful career in corporate finance.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Data analysis, Social media management, Finance and accounting, Microsoft Office Suite", "accommodations": "", "other": "I am a person who enjoys meeting new people, getting to know them, and putting myself in environments that force me to grow. I'm excited about the opportunity to join REM on Campus as it will give me the chance to collaborate with like-minded individuals - people who are ambitious, supportive and genuinely want to see each other succeed. ", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a70_74d7244e", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 20:51:03", "name": "Lydia Phanitdasack", "email": "lydia.phanitdasa@ufl.edu", "phone": "5615621262", "gender": "Female", "race": "Asian or Asian American", "linkedin": "www.linkedin.com/in/lydiaphanitdasack", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1cwGMAh_OeI-EnqFoep4Ny1A493gQMniw", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Management", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.6", "whyRem": "I hope to gain professional casework experience while developing practical skills I can carry into my career. I look forward to working on cases hands-on rather than theoretically. Getting the opportunity to solve complex problems, such as helping a company build out its marketing strategy, will deepen my skills for my future endeavors. Long-term, I plan to build a career in consulting and brand strategy, and I know Rem is exactly the kind of environment that will help me sharpen those skills early on\n\nMy recent experience working within 180 Degrees Consulting made me realize that this was the path for me, and after coffee chatting with multiple people in the industry, I knew I wanted more hands-on work. This is why I want to focus on the for-profit space for now, as it more closely aligns with where I see my career heading long term.\n\nMost importantly, having the opportunity to work with driven and hardworking people excited to make a difference is something I look forward to. Rem and Company will allow me to work closely with diverse members and refine both my interpersonal and technical skills.", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "Community stands out to me because, as humans, we need human connection; one may even say it is crucial to our survival. Having a sense of community allows individuals to feel at home, welcomed, and understood. I hope that by surrounding myself with a community as driven as Rem and Company, I will not only feel motivated, but also disciplined in my work ethic, pushing myself to grow alongside people who hold the same standards I hold for myself.\n\nThis value shows up in how I approach my relationships more broadly. I am someone who always pushes for team bonding, whether that's in a club, a project group, or a friend group, because I genuinely believe strong relationships are the foundation of good work. I find myself craving that touchpoint with my friends and family if we go too long without talking, and I bring that same energy into how I connect with others professionally. I hope to carry that into our client meetings as well, building lasting relationships by being welcoming and friendly, so clients feel like they are working with people who genuinely care about them, not just delivering a service.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance, Marketing, Brand Strategy", "howRemHelps": "Joining Rem on Campus will help me build the hands-on casework experience I need to move confidently into the recruiting cycle and client-facing work after graduation. I run my own freelance photography and videography business, creating product shots, branding visuals, and brand kits for local businesses, so working on real client cases will sharpen skills I already rely on, like understanding a brand's identity and translating a client's vision into a finished product. Seeing how a consulting team approaches a branding or marketing problem will give me frameworks I can bring straight back into how I pitch and present my own work, and being surrounded by people who think critically about business strategy will push me to treat my business less like a hobby and more like something I'm building intentionally.\n\nRight now I'm drawn to several areas, including consulting, finance, marketing, and brand strategy, but I haven't fully narrowed down which one I want to build my career around. That's actually a big part of why I want to join Rem. Getting exposure to different types of cases across industries will let me figure out where my strengths and interests actually line up, instead of guessing from the outside.\n\nBeyond the technical experience, being part of a team of driven, hardworking, and like-minded people will keep me accountable and motivated, and I know the relationships I build here will carry into how I show up with future clients and colleagues.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Graphic design (Adobe Creative Cloud, Sketch, ProCreate, etc), Business Strategy, Web design, Marketing and analytics, Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Videography, Photography, Social media management, Microsoft Office Suite, Ads (Facebook/Instagram)", "accommodations": "N/A", "other": "I am currently a part of 180 Degrees Consulting, but would fully transfer over to REM if accepted.\n\nI've had the chance to speak with several members, including Satya Sakamuri and Luke Nevins, both of whose passion for Rem is honestly contagious.\"", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a71_1d26fc37", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 21:05:23", "name": "Jack McNamee", "email": "jack.mcnamee@ufl.edu", "phone": "901-236-8892", "gender": "Male", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/jack-mcnamee-309127382/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Q2PLFtrME_qkcuIgtIoQlJM06ZzUrYaU", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "3.77", "whyRem": "     I want to become a member of Rem on campus because it offers the unique opportunity to gain real-world business experience while making a tangible impact on the community. As a finance student, I have the foundational knowledge and skills surrounding business operations and decision-making, but Rem would provide me with the opportunity to apply that knowledge to real challenges faced by small businesses. \n     I am also attracted to the global reputation Rem has built after just a few years, and I am excited to join an organization that creates an impact far beyond the Gainesville community. I am eager to surround myself with like-minded individuals who are motivated to use the skills they have gained in the classroom and apply them to real-life situations. Building relationships with these students, small business owners, and professionals who I will learn from will expose me to new perspectives valuable both now and long into my future career. \nLastly, the three-phase professional development model of learning, applying, and leading stands out to me, and I can visualize myself progressing through it to challenge myself and grow into a confident leader throughout my time at UF. The meaningful contributions I can make to the community in Rem while simultaneously developing in areas like building deliverables and presenting to clients is a unique opportunity unlike any other program I have come across. ", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "     Rem\u2019s mission of helping struggling small businesses is one I have seen firsthand and something I place great value in. Along the Jersey Shore, where I have spent every summer of my life, my family and I became close friends with the manager of a clothing store downtown who had originally grown up in Hungary. For years, he talked about his dream of opening a small restaurant in America with his wife, who was the head chef at a restaurant just down the street.\n     About two summers ago, they finally saved enough money to pursue that dream and opened a pop-up brunch shack selling breakfast sandwiches, coffee, and other quick casual eats. The G Spot, located in downtown Avalon, New Jersey, had finally opened, and we could not have been happier to see him achieve his lifelong dream. With just two employees- his wife as the chef and him working the counter and register- we were certain it would be a success. However, we quickly learned this was not the case, as it seemed many people were not even aware the restaurant existed. Watching him and his wife struggle after so many years of hard work was difficult to see and gave me a new perspective on the challenges small business owners face. As their marketing improved and word began to spread about both the restaurant and the owners\u2019 story, I began to see firsthand just how much the support of a community can impact a small business and the dreams behind it.\n     This experience is why the core value of Community at Rem stands out to me most. To me, community is leveraging your relationships and abilities to contribute to the success of those around you. Through Rem, I am excited for the opportunity to do exactly that by collaborating with other motivated students to help small businesses overcome challenges they may not be able to solve on their own.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance, Marketing", "howRemHelps": "     By joining Rem on Campus, I believe I will be well prepared for various facets of the business industry and ready to contribute to the success of the future company I work for and tackle any challenges we may face. By first learning problem-solving fundamentals through meetings and collaboration exercises, and then transitioning to applying that knowledge through opportunities like presenting to clients and developing strategic business recommendations, I will build the skills necessary to succeed in career paths such as consulting, finance, and marketing.\n     From a consulting perspective, the opportunity to analyze a real-world business, identify its challenges, and develop actionable solutions is a rare experience similar to the type of work I would handle professionally. Rem would also expose me to areas of finance through analyzing financial performance and understanding how strategic decisions can impact the success of a business. Additionally, evaluating customer behavior, competitors, and opportunities for growth would provide valuable experience applicable to a career in marketing. \n     Overall, Rem will help me achieve these career goals by allowing me to explore them through real-world application rather than simply learning about them in a classroom. The analytical, problem-solving, teamwork, communication, and leadership skills I develop through Rem will provide me with a strong foundation for whichever of these career paths I ultimately pursue.\n", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Statistics and modelling, Data analysis, Marketing and analytics, Finance and accounting, Brand Development", "accommodations": "N/A", "other": "N/A", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a72_a0c8d9cb", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 22:01:03", "name": "Praneeth Tallapaneni", "email": "ptallapaneni@ufl.edu", "phone": "9546375627", "gender": "Male", "race": "Asian or Asian American", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/praneeth-tallapaneni-359b67296/", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Lom5KLymxlH-4gBlAv3YbRg4G0XQql4-", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Finance", "minor": "", "gpa": "N/A", "whyRem": "Rem on Campus, in essence, is growth to me. Growth can be interpreted in many ways, and so can Rem. It is about the growth of my individuality; being a college student means I need to figure out what I want for my career and who I want to be in the future. I want to be around people that challenge me to be better, think outside the box, and give me ideas I would have never thought of before. I want to be a part of an inclusive community where I can grow professionally and personally, while learning from others with diverse backgrounds and mindsets.\n\nOn the other hand, growth also reflects my potential contribution to Rem. I do not just want to be a name on paper of an organization I believe in; I want to be a part of Rem\u2019s community that brings new ideas and collaborates to innovate the organization for the better. Rem\u2019s growth particularly attracts me because I want my college experience to be more than just preparation for my future career. I want to learn the necessary skills to contribute to Rem\u2019s mission and to eventually have a career that makes an impact.\n\nI have been especially motivated by the Bushel & Peck story that Sachin loves to tell. This story made me sure I want to do Rem. Brainstorming ideas for hours, finding the perfect solution, implementing it, and then checking up on the business in 3-6 months to see it in action and helping the company\u2019s operations and realize a tangible impact is idyllic. I want for myself a sense of fulfillment that comes from solving a case that doesn\u2019t end with just a presentation, but with a real solution that makes a difference. The idea that my work could directly create success of a company is something I find to motivate me. \n", "coreValue": "Innovation", "valueEssay": "Innovation stands out to me because I have always seen growth as challenging the status quo. To me, innovation is not limited to creating something out of nothing; sometimes, it is as simple as looking at a problem differently and coming up with something better than what we know. I believe I want to innovate throughout my college journey, and eventually, my future career.\n\n\nWhether I get into consulting, finance, law, or a non-profit, I can tell all of these fields involve me having to solve a problem. And as much as I want to learn, understand, and succeed in my field, I cannot ignore the fact that some things just do not work. If I look at something and think to myself, \u201cThis just works because it has always worked,\u201d I know I am not at my best. I believe Rem will give me the space to develop my innovative mindset because I think innovation is a skill that applies not only to my future profession but also to my personal life. I want to challenge myself and others to think differently and to innovate in all areas of my life. I hope Rem will inspire and motivate me to be a more innovative person.\n", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Investment Banking / Finance, Non-Profit / Social Impact, Law", "howRemHelps": "I think consulting, IB/Finance, non-profit/social impact, and law, although different, all require similar skills. I believe Rem will give me the opportunity to build the skill set I need for any of these fields while also helping me discover which one I want to focus on my future career.\n\n\nI want to actually learn skills from others and gain experience by collaborating with people who share a common ground with me. I think Rem will enable me to be in a position where I can learn from others and contribute to the organization while getting the real-world experience I need to have a fulfilling career in the field I chose. In my life, I think the most important thing I need to achieve my career goals is to be surrounded by people who challenge me, motivate me to be better, and support me throughout my journey. At this point in my life, I do not think I should have everything figured out yet. I want to be around people that give me the opportunities I need to explore and grow, so I can have a sense of direction and confidence in the decisions I make for my future career. I think Rem can enable me to do that while also preparing me for a sustainable career path that involves business and consulting with a purpose.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist, Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Business Strategy, Data analysis, Social media management, Finance and accounting, Ads (Facebook/Instagram)", "accommodations": "N/A", "other": "One thing I would like the Rem on Campus team to know is that I am someone who wants to maximize my experience with the opportunities I get. I do not want to be in an organization where I can just attend meetings and list that as an experience on my resume; I want to be around motivated people that allow me to contribute wherever I can. I also believe I have a lot to learn in college, and I think that is one of the things I look forward to most. I want to learn from people with more knowledge and experience than me, and I think Rem will give me the chance to do that. If given the opportunity to join Rem, I believe I will bring not only my knowledge and skills but also my motivation and enthusiasm to learn from the people I will be collaborating with, while also contributing to Rem\u2019s mission.", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [{"timestamp": "2026-09-01T17:52:31.519000", "spokeTo": "Sachin, Sat (Sathya), Max, Hannah, Eli, Kyle, Christian"}, {"timestamp": "2026-09-02T17:06:42.869000", "spokeTo": "McKenzie, Reese, Aarohi, Maya"}, {"timestamp": "2026-09-03T18:03:22.367000", "spokeTo": "Colton, Adam, Ali, Hannah, Pratheek, Terren, Robert, Lexi"}], "infoSession": {"timestamp": "2026-09-02T00:21:32.949000", "session": "09/01", "appliedBefore": "No"}, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a73_0ce29c50", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 22:38:59", "name": "Jared Robaina", "email": "jaredrobaina14@gmail.com", "phone": "3059042623", "gender": "Male", "race": "Hispanic or Latino", "linkedin": "https://www.linkedin.com/in/jared-robaina-9218a0370?utm_source=share_via&utm_content=profile&utm_medium=member_ios", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TOC4ulcoMoeO90ZdDJWO0gqwMzqI6MEM", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2030", "classYear": "Freshman", "major": "Finance", "minor": "Other", "gpa": "HS GPA: 3.97", "whyRem": "Throughout high school and within my community, I have already found myself solving problems for organizations that have had an immense impact on my life. Theater, for instance, was a passion and driving force for me throughout all four years of high school. However, we noticed that the shows we worked tirelessly to put on and the messages we were trying to spread weren\u2019t reaching the students and parents who needed to hear them simply because there was a lack of name recognition when we\u2019d do a less popular show. My director loved these shows, but the task of getting high schoolers interested in theater seemed daunting. This ultimately led to the creation of a dedicated marketing team that still exists today. Launch X opened my eyes to the immense waste that grocery stores cause each year, which led to Second Serve, a start-up founded on reducing food waste by using modern technology to avoid unnecessarily throwing away product whilst also providing customers with a discount, creating an avenue for accessible organic produce. This was special because it allowed me to work directly with small business owners, gaining insight into the decisions they make and listening to their problems and lived experience to refine our start-up concept.\n\nThese experiences made me increasingly interested in the reasoning behind business decisions, but I also felt like the decisions I was making were surface-level, and while success was there in the moment, I didn\u2019t make a thorough plan for sustainable growth. I want to understand why a strategy works, how it can be improved, and how to use tangible evidence to make a stronger, more long-term recommendation. \n\nRem, as an organization, would help me develop a more nuanced way of thinking while working in an environment where problem-solving and long-term strategy are preferred over short-term solutions. That interdisciplinary environment in Rem is particularly important to me because a lot of my previous problem-solving has been shaped by marketing data with a focus on creative work. I want to be challenged by teammates who may approach similar issues through the lenses of economics, technology, or other sectors that I wouldn\u2019t naturally consider. At the same time, I believe my own background would allow me to contribute a point of view that is more focused on consumer behavior and audience engagement. Learning from a separate perspective will further allow me to become a more analytical and disciplined problem-solver.\n\nI want to be a member of Rem because it will allow me to do both things I value most: support organizations in the surrounding community while becoming a more capable strategist myself. I am passionate about problem-solving and even more so when business is used to give back to those who support it in the first place. The opportunity to help small businesses with their challenges while finding purpose and leading with the intention to create change is the type of hands-on experience I am looking for at UF.\n", "coreValue": "Community", "valueEssay": "Finding a home where I was accepted has always driven my purpose in life. A community to me is much more than a group of people with common interests; it\u2019s where you can be authentically yourself and have a safety net of people who truly believe in you. These places of comfort have always fueled a passion for me to give back to the communities that made who I am in the first place, where I have a responsibility to make sure that the people who come after me feel true acceptance for who they are, the same way I did. \n\nTheater was the first place where I truly understood that. Throughout all four years of high school, being on stage became one of my biggest constants in life. Coming into my freshman year, I wasn\u2019t sure who I was or where I wanted to be,e but theater gave me that. It gave mesome ofe my closest friends that I would have never met without it, as well as an outlet to finally express my creative passions both on stage and behind the scenes, giving me a newfound confidence and identity. As I became more involved, I not only wanted to benefit from my community, but I wanted to strengthen it. I took on a role as a mentor for middle school theater students to pass on the self-confidence, leadership, and sense of belonging to other students who felt like they were lost or had to hide a part of themselves to fit in. At that point, what mattered to me was not a title but strengthening and opening the door a bit wider to a community that made me feel welcomed and helped me grow both socially and professionally.\n\nI found a similar sense of community through sewing. What began as a self-taught hobby quickly grew into another source of confidence for me. Altering clothing showed me that something as simple as changing the fit of a garment could truly affect how someone felt when they wore it. Dejar allowed me to alter other students' clothing and became a way for me to take something that had once empowered me and share that feeling with the surrounding community, allowing others to feel comfortable and confident in their own style.\n\nInstances like these are the reason why community is the Rem value that resonates with me the most. I feel fulfilled when I can support spaces that contributed to and believed in me first. Professionally, I want to carry a similar mindset when it comes to consulting clients. I do not want to approach organizations as solely a problem solver but rather understand the people behind them, the communities they serve, and the responsibility that comes when making recommendations that affect both. I want to bring the same instincts I developed in theater and through Dejar to learn from a community, invest in it, and leave it stronger than I found it.\n", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Marketing, Brand Strategy, Entrepreneurship / Startups, Non-Profit / Social Impact", "howRemHelps": "Up to this point in my professional journey, I\u2019ve explored the various career goals above separately or in pairs, but joining Rem would allow me to weave these various career goals into one cohesive vision. Rather than learning and applying each of these fields separately, Rem\u2019s interdisciplinary structure would allow me to see how these various facets of business intersect when working on the challenges that face an actual organization. \n\nFor consulting, Rem would offer me experience working in a professional team environment where the quality of my contribution is filtered, reflected on, and optimized. Beyond this, I want to further grow my confidence in client communication and build the skill of putting myself in the client\u2019s shoes. Furthermore, I want to become confident in my own ability to take ownership of deliverables and be able to explain the reasoning behind a recommendation to both my peers on a technical level and to clients on a practical level. Those are the experiences that would help me determine if consulting is a stepping stone to another career path or a field where I can genuinely see myself succeeding long-term. \n\nRem would also allow me to explore marketing and brand strategy on a deeper level beyond just a creative perspective. While I have already found a love for graphic design and social media marketing, I want greater exposure to how a brand identifies its position and the decisions that are made before a campaign even begins. Second Serve let me scratch the tip of the iceberg, but speaking in depth with business owners in various sectors as well as mentors within Rem will let me cultivate that skill set and apply it to future clients or other ventures that are yet to come. \n\nSimilarly, speaking to various business owners at different stages of development would let me further hone my passion for entrepreneurship. Observing how leaders make decisions when resources, time, and opportunities are limited will let me gain a perspective that I haven\u2019t had the opportunity to see through just working on ventures I\u2019m personally involved in. Carrying those lessons into both a meeting as well as my future is essential for future endeavors in both business ownership and finance.\n\nAs for social impact, I want to see how strategic decisions can account for both business performance and broader outcomes such as sustainability for community value beyond monetary gain. Both Second Serve and Dejar had a central focus on sustainable practices, but these small-scale projects don\u2019t involve the challenge that comes with scaling and sustainability. Rem can help find the balance in these two avenues.\n\nRem allows me to test these career intersections through experience, training me to use various perspectives when solving a problem rather than one or two at a time. I hope to gain a specialized professional skill set as well as a clear understanding of how each of my strengths fits together and what is preventing me from being a well-rounded team member, ultimately giving me a much more informed sense of the type of work I want to pursue after college.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Marketing and analytics, Videography, Photography, Social media management, Ads (Facebook/Instagram), Brand Development", "accommodations": "", "other": "", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [{"timestamp": "2026-09-01T18:07:13.058000", "spokeTo": "Terrence, Rachel, Hannah, Eli, Grace, Adam, Fox"}], "infoSession": {"timestamp": "2026-09-02T01:15:55.178000", "session": "09/01", "appliedBefore": "No"}, "meetMembers": null}}, {"id": "a74_5103f1a4", "timestamp": "9/3/2026 9:41:03", "name": "Coleman Dunham", "email": "Colemandunham@ufl.edu", "phone": "8632550092", "gender": "Male", "race": "White or Caucasian", "linkedin": "N/A", "resume": "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Lmz4efIL_kTmSYkvKHsuagJ6DZuf6O-X", "university": "University of Florida", "gradYear": "2029", "classYear": "Sophomore", "major": "Engineering (various disciplines)", "minor": "Engineering (various disciplines)", "gpa": "3.93", "whyRem": "I am an Industrial and Systems Engineering major with a strong interest in the career opportunities that consulting offers. I've always been drawn to the process of identifying inefficiencies within a system or workflow and finding practical solutions that drive real value\u2014whether that means streamlining operations, cutting costs, or ultimately generating more revenue for a business. I want to join REM because I'm looking to surround myself with a like-minded group of individuals who share this same passion for problem-solving and continuous improvement, and I believe this organization will give me the hands-on experience and community I need to grow both personally and professionally as I pursue a career in consulting.", "coreValue": "Intellectual Growth", "valueEssay": "Intellectual growth stands out to me because I want to make the most of every opportunity in front of me, not just get through it. As an ISE major heading toward consulting, I know I'll constantly be thrown into new problems and unfamiliar situations, and I want to be the type of person who leans into that instead of shying away from it. I'm always looking for ways to learn more, push myself further, and become better at what I do, and I see REM as a place that will challenge me to keep growing in that way.", "careerInterests": "Consulting, Entrepreneurship / Startups, Sales engineering / systems engineering", "howRemHelps": "Joining REM on Campus will give me a platform to build real consulting and business operations skills and understanding. It's a space where I can sharpen these skills hands-on and start developing the toolkit consulting positions are looking for. I believe REM can give me quality insight into the consulting career track that will help me make the best decisions for my career.", "position": "Junior Consulting Strategist", "skills": "Communications and copy-writing, Python, project management, sales", "accommodations": "no", "other": "How much time commitment should I expect to put towards REM weekly?", "commitment": "Yes", "attendance": {"coffeeChats": [], "infoSession": null, "meetMembers": null}}], "reviewers": [{"id": "aya", "name": "Aya Aldorri", "email": "aya.aldorri@ufl.edu", "role": "Co-President"}, {"id": "max", "name": "Max Kaplan", "email": "kaplanmax@ufl.edu", "role": "Co-President"}, {"id": "eli", "name": "Eli Koon", "email": "elikoon@ufl.edu", "role": "VP of Membership"}, {"id": "adam", "name": "Adam Kamenetsky", "email": "adam.kamenetsky24@gmail.com", "role": "VP of Consulting"}, {"id": "maria", "name": "Maria Lopez", "email": "maria.lopez3@ufl.edu", "role": "VP of Communications"}, {"id": "christian", "name": "Christian Fox", "email": "ca.fox@ufl.edu", "role": "VP of Alumni Engagement"}, {"id": "hannah", "name": "Hannah Lockwood", "email": "h.lockwood@ufl.edu", "role": "Recruitment Chair"}, {"id": "terrence", "name": "Terrence Smith", "email": "terrence.smith@ufl.edu", "role": "Recruitment Chair"}], "defaultGroups": [{"id": "grp_foxmaria", "name": "Fox & Maria", "members": ["christian", "maria"], "weight": 0.26}, {"id": "grp_maxterrence", "name": "Max & Terrence", "members": ["max", "terrence"], "weight": 0.26}, {"id": "grp_ayaadam", "name": "Aya & Adam", "members": ["aya", "adam"], "weight": 0.22}, {"id": "grp_hannaheli", "name": "Hannah & Eli", "members": ["hannah", "eli"], "weight": 0.26}], "rubrics": {"screen": {"dims": [{"key": "academics", "label": "Academics", "scale": [0, 4], "bands": {"Freshman": ["GPA \u2265 3.9 or strong upward trend", "GPA 3.7\u20133.89", "GPA 3.5\u20133.69", "GPA < 3.5 or not listed"], "Sophomore": ["GPA \u2265 3.8 or strong upward trend", "GPA 3.6\u20133.79", "GPA 3.4\u20133.59", "GPA < 3.4 or not listed"], "Junior": ["GPA \u2265 3.7 or strong upward trend", "GPA 3.6\u20133.69", "GPA 3.4\u20133.59", "GPA < 3.4 or not listed"]}}, {"key": "resume", "label": "Resume", "scale": [0, 4], "bands": {"Freshman": ["Consulting-ready formatting, strong bullets", "Mostly polished with minor issues", "Inconsistent structure or vague bullets", "Below professional standard"], "Sophomore": ["Consulting-ready formatting, strong bullets", "Mostly polished with minor issues", "Inconsistent structure or vague bullets", "Below professional standard"], "Junior": ["Fully consulting-ready, no errors", "Minor issues only", "Below consulting standard", "Unprofessional"]}}, {"key": "experience", "label": "Experience & Involvement", "scale": [0, 4], "bands": {"Freshman": ["Relevant internships or involvements clearly showing passion and commitment", "Transferable roles (work, service, athletics) well articulated", "Limited experience or weak descriptions", "No meaningful experience listed"], "Sophomore": ["Consulting, strategy, research, or analytical internships or extracurriculars", "Business-relevant internships or projects", "Experience present but poorly explained", "Experience not relevant or absent"], "Junior": ["Relevant internship or strong professional extracurricular roles", "At least one strong professional experience", "Experience present but limited scope", "Weak professional background"]}}, {"key": "leadership", "label": "Leadership & Involvement", "scale": [0, 4], "bands": {"Freshman": ["Active involvement in campus organizations with early leadership or clear initiative", "Consistent campus involvement or strong high school leadership", "High school involvement only or limited campus engagement", "No meaningful involvement listed"], "Sophomore": ["Leadership roles with ownership or measurable impact", "Clear involvement with upward progression", "Participation without leadership", "Minimal involvement"], "Junior": ["Led teams or projects with client-facing or professional readiness", "Leadership roles with real responsibility", "Participation only", "No leadership evidence"]}}], "essay": {"key": "essay", "label": "Application Essay Rating", "scale": [1, 5], "levels": [{"v": 5, "label": "Very STRONG compelling story, personal anecdotes, shows passion and would be a good culture fit"}, {"v": 4, "label": "Shows strong desire for being in Rem with a personal compelling reason"}, {"v": 3, "label": "Shows only consulting interest, no culture or passion"}, {"v": 2, "label": "Weak, seems AI generated, not personal at all"}, {"v": 1, "label": "Does not embody what we're looking for"}]}}, "round1": {"callStructure": [{"title": "1. Candidate Background & Brief Introduction", "minutes": 5, "body": "Start by getting to know the candidate\u2014ask about their background, leadership experience, and motivation for wanting to be a part of Rem on Campus. Then, introduce yourself and provide a brief overview of Rem on Campus to set the stage for the interview."}, {"title": "2. Behavioral Questions", "minutes": 20, "body": "Ask targeted behavioral and situational questions that assess the candidate\u2019s leadership style, experiences, and alignment with Rem\u2019s values. Focus on how they\u2019ve handled challenges, motivated team members, driven growth, and sustained impact within their current or past roles."}, {"title": "3. Q&A and Next Steps", "minutes": 5, "body": "Invite the candidate to ask questions about REM, chapter operations, expectations, or anything else. Wrap up by outlining the next steps, providing encouragement, and explaining how you\u2019ll follow up."}], "fit": [{"q": "Can you provide an explanation of your current extracurricular/academic commitments? How will this commitments impact your ability to execute your role at Rem on Campus?", "crit": {"1": {"label": "Unacceptable", "text": "Provides little to no clarity on current commitments and makes no effort to address how they would impact their role at Rem on Campus."}, "2": {"label": "Not a good fit but showing promise", "text": "Lists commitments but does not clearly connect them to the ability to fulfill the role; response feels unstructured or uncertain."}, "3": {"label": "Satisfactory fit", "text": "Clearly outlines commitments and provides at least one reasonable explanation of how they will manage their time to meet role expectations."}, "4": {"label": "Exceeding Expectations", "text": "Provides a thoughtful, well-structured explanation of commitments and multiple clear strategies for balancing responsibilities, demonstrating strong time management and foresight."}}}, {"q": "Please provide us with further detail about your personal vision: What are your professional/academic goals, and how will Rem fit into these goals? Where do you see yourself in 5 years? (Be sure they answer both parts!! If they do not, re-ask what they haven't answered)", "crit": {"1": {"label": "Unacceptable", "text": "Fails to address either professional/academic goals or how Rem fits into these goals; gives vague or no response about future plans."}, "2": {"label": "Not a good fit but showing promise", "text": "Addresses one part of the question but leaves the other unanswered or provides unclear answers; shows limited connection between goals and Rem."}, "3": {"label": "Satisfactory fit", "text": "Clearly explains professional/academic goals and gives a basic connection to how Rem supports those goals; provides a reasonable 5-year outlook."}, "4": {"label": "Exceeding Expectations", "text": "Provides a detailed, well-structured explanation of goals, clearly articulates how Rem integrates into their plans, and offers a thoughtful, realistic vision for their future in 5 years."}}}, {"q": "What Rem pillar do you resonate with most and why?  COMMUNITY, RESILIENCE, EMPATHY, INNOVATION, INTELLECTUAL GROWTH", "crit": {"1": {"label": "Unacceptable", "text": "Does not identify any pillar or gives a vague, unrelated answer without explanation."}, "2": {"label": "Not a good fit but showing promise", "text": "Names a pillar but provides a weak or generic reason that lacks personal connection or understanding."}, "3": {"label": "Satisfactory fit", "text": "Clearly names a pillar and offers a reasonable explanation of why it resonates with them."}, "4": {"label": "Exceeding Expectations", "text": "Thoughtfully selects a pillar and gives a detailed, personal, and insightful explanation showing strong alignment with Rem\u2019s values."}}}], "personal": [{"q": "What does problem-solving mean to you? (explain it without using the words problem and solving)", "crit": {"1": {"label": "Unacceptable", "text": "Gives a vague or unrelated response that doesn\u2019t explain the concept."}, "2": {"label": "Not a good fit but showing promise", "text": "Provides a basic explanation but lacks clarity or depth; may rely on clich\u00e9s or generalities."}, "3": {"label": "Satisfactory fit", "text": "Offers a clear explanation using their own words, demonstrating a good understanding of overcoming challenges or finding solutions."}, "4": {"label": "Exceeding Expectations", "text": "Delivers a thoughtful, original, and detailed explanation that reflects deep insight into identifying issues and creating effective approaches."}}}, {"q": "A large part of our client engagement process is presenting our clients with solutions. Our work cannot have the greatest impact unless they actually believe in and implement these solutions. Give me an example of a time you influenced or persuaded an individual or a group.", "crit": {"1": {"label": "Unacceptable", "text": "Fails to provide an example or gives an irrelevant response without demonstrating any influence or persuasion."}, "2": {"label": "Not a good fit but showing promise", "text": "Shares a basic example showing limited influence or persuasion; lacks detail or clear impact."}, "3": {"label": "Satisfactory fit", "text": "Provides a clear example of influencing or persuading others, describing the situation and outcome reasonably well."}, "4": {"label": "Exceeding Expectations", "text": "Offers a compelling, detailed example showing strong influence or persuasion skills, with clear context, actions taken, and positive results."}}}, {"q": "At Rem and Company we are frequently coming up with innovative solutions. Please describe a time when you identified a need and innovated to address it.", "crit": {"1": {"label": "Unacceptable", "text": "Does not provide a relevant example or explanation of innovation; response is vague or off-topic."}, "2": {"label": "Not a good fit but showing promise", "text": "Shares an example that shows some creativity but lacks clear innovation or impact."}, "3": {"label": "Satisfactory fit", "text": "Provides a clear example of identifying a need and implementing an innovative solution with a positive outcome."}, "4": {"label": "Exceeding Expectations", "text": "Offers a detailed, thoughtful example demonstrating strong creativity, initiative, and measurable impact in addressing a need."}}}], "personality": [{"q": "If you could change on thing about yourself, what would it be?", "crit": {"1": {"label": "Unacceptable", "text": "Gives no meaningful answer or responds in a way that shows a lack of self-awareness or accountability."}, "2": {"label": "Not a good fit but showing promise", "text": "Provides a generic or surface-level response with little reflection on why the change matters."}, "3": {"label": "Satisfactory fit", "text": "Offers a thoughtful answer that demonstrates some self-awareness and a willingness to grow."}, "4": {"label": "Exceeding Expectations", "text": "Provides a detailed, introspective answer showing strong self-awareness, humility, and a clear desire for personal growth."}}}, {"q": "What is something you believe that most people don't?", "crit": {"1": {"label": "Unacceptable", "text": "Gives no meaningful answer or an off-topic response that doesn\u2019t reveal any unique perspective."}, "2": {"label": "Not a good fit but showing promise", "text": "Provides a generic or unclear belief with little explanation or connection to their own perspective."}, "3": {"label": "Satisfactory fit", "text": "Shares a clear belief that is somewhat unique and provides a reasonable explanation."}, "4": {"label": "Exceeding Expectations", "text": "Offers a thoughtful, well-articulated belief that is clearly unique, insightful, and backed by strong reasoning."}}}, {"q": "What motivates you in your professional/academic life?", "crit": {"1": {"label": "Unacceptable", "text": "Provides no clear motivation or gives an answer that is superficial and disconnected from their work or studies."}, "2": {"label": "Not a good fit but showing promise", "text": "Shares a vague or generic motivation without much depth or personal connection."}, "3": {"label": "Satisfactory fit", "text": "Clearly explains a motivation with a reasonable connection to their professional or academic goals."}, "4": {"label": "Exceeding Expectations", "text": "Offers a thoughtful, detailed explanation of their motivation, showing depth, authenticity, and strong alignment with their growth and success."}}}], "scoringGuidelines": {"1": "Unacceptable", "2": "Not a good fit but showing promise", "3": "Satisfactory fit", "4": "Exceeding Expectations (Excellent fit)"}, "advanceThreshold": 3}, "round2": {"cases": [{"id": "golden_taco", "name": "Golden Taco", "industry": "Food & Beverage"}, {"id": "bean_bloom", "name": "Bean & Bloom", "industry": "Food & Beverage"}, {"id": "pedal_pure", "name": "Pedal Pure", "industry": "Retail / Consumer"}], "dims": [{"key": "introduction", "label": "Introduction", "levels": ["Clearly understands the prompt, recaps to interviewer, and asks intelligent clarifying questions", "Understands the main points of the prompt and communicates some clarifiers to interviewer", "Can be seen taking notes or verbally acknowledges the prompt given by the interviewer", "Makes no visible effort to understand or specify prompt information"]}, {"key": "framework", "label": "Framework", "levels": ["Takes 1-2 minutes to produce a relevant, fleshed out, and MECE-adherent framework", "Produces a relevant framework while taking too long or missing some MECE/relevancy elements", "Attempts to create a relevant framework but misses key elements of the exercise", "Does not demonstrate a basic understanding of framework creation"]}, {"key": "market_sizing", "label": "Market Sizing", "levels": ["Provides a clear and logical sizing path, explaining all assumptions and defending their size decisions well", "Completes a generally understood sizing walkthrough with few mistakes or instances of getting lost (1-2 max)", "Needs consistent prompting in order to progress, gets lost in their logic 2+ times, or does not explain logic at all (provides answer)", "Cannot complete the sizing portion effectively - must be given answers to continue with the case"]}, {"key": "quant_reasoning", "label": "Quant Reasoning", "levels": ["Clearly structures, navigates, and communicates through quantitative operations with minimal mistakes", "Follows a logical path towards solutions with a few mistakes, may get lost and need guidance once or twice", "Demonstrates basic quant abilities, but noticeably lacks in structuring and/or needs major guidance throughout", "Cannot progress through one or more sections of quantitative analysis and must be given the answers to proceed"]}, {"key": "brainstorming", "label": "Brainstorming", "levels": ["Presents multiple creative, real-world driven ideas that accurately encompass all case aspects", "Presents 1 well thought out idea or multiple shallower ideas that add depth and structure to the case", "Relates ideas to case information, but makes no effort to structure thoughts beyond stream of consciousness", "Does not provide any material insight beyond the given information in the prompt"]}, {"key": "recommendation", "label": "Recommendation", "levels": ["Presents an efficient, holistic recommendation that demonstrates a deep understanding of all case elements", "Presents a relatively structured recommendation which responds to the prompt\u2019s main questions", "Attempts to provide a structured recommendation, but missed many aspects of the case", "Does not provide a succinct recommendation or does not incorporate the prompt information"]}], "fitDim": {"key": "fit_communication", "label": "Fit & Communication (draft \u2014 edit me)", "draft": true, "levels": ["Confident, clear, client-ready communication; strong rapport and composure throughout", "Generally clear and composed, minor moments of hesitation", "Communicates adequately but lacks polish or confidence at times", "Difficulty communicating clearly or building rapport"]}, "levelLabels": ["Exceeds Expectations", "Achieves Expectations", "Meets Some Expectations", "Doesn't Meet Expectations"], "maxScore": 24}}, "sources": {"applicationsSheetId": "1M03BJpDREoNr_p_1QfZXzs4xU1fIh6DeDz_VErgqN6g", "applicationsSheetTitle": "FL2026 Rem Applications - UF", "applicationsTab": "Sheet1", "nationalApplicationsSheetId": "1gu164myetDxGxQzZwlecYdauuEHiPpOekfOlYCUiPyQ", "nationalApplicationsTab": "Form Responses 1", "coffeeChatResponsesSheetId": "1sIhs4I2i53mmH2cUObWarBDnJ06-nDl53nVflkZAnBo", "coffeeChatTitle": "Rem Fall 2026 Coffee Chats Sign-In (Responses)", "coffeeChatTab": "Form Responses 1", "coffeeChatFormId": "1fXER_btmr2azoT5SbZmY3vzrX3HrNEVaHb2FnOvKNoU", "infoSessionFormTitle": "Rem Information Session Fall 2026", "infoSessionResponsesSheetId": "", "infoSessionTab": "Form Responses 1", "mastersheetId": "1AamE6ob5DW5LhvAVodZsocQiyNz7_P_SLXhFeSmgbkQ", "mastersheetTitle": "Copy of Recruitment Master 2026"}}